their stance puts them in conflict with socially conservative republicans, traditionally seen as allies .
police said kim opposed the joint u.s.-south korean military drills .
pero died in march .
1 in 1972 .
is short for blues boy, part of the name he used as a memphis disc jockey .
social media backlash leads to apology .
louis: it's long past time for officials to tell the truth -- even when there's no video .
many equate terror with islam.
he says change may rankle (or win over?)
nominations are open for 2015 cnn heroes .
shocked!"
kennedy: the people who deserve to be remembered are victims and mit officer who was killed .
cops are, and should be, wary of those a little too eager to be police .
more than 4,300 needles have been distributed through temporary needle exchange program .
in the last decade a more public dialogue on the subject has begun in turkey .
you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call.
literally.
i do not think she will follow just public opinion," says a supporter .
says one man .
mocha the doberman is now doing well .
most states allow tobacco sales to anyone 18 and older .
so far 3.5 million birds have been euthanized .
but with so few black fans, players, it will be hard for baltimore to gather around this sport to heal .
buhar may be tonic to years of misrule .
it diverts us from catching real criminals"
in just blaming cops, we ignore source of strife .
she's formidable candidate, but where are bold new ideas?
he says originalists on the court may hew to conservative view, but most of the justices have given clues that they see writing on wall .
neither, she says; she was a mom trying to steer her adolescent in a heated city conflict, and more moms need this kind of commitment .
iceman has been in marvel comics for over 50 years .
the growth ... has just been astounding"
world cup final trophies to be won -- some of the most prestigious in the sport .
nominations are open for 2015 cnn heroes .
nominations are open for 2015 cnn heroes .
according to the apostle paul, almost every depiction of jesus so far has gotten at least one detail wrong.
just 'hillary' not appropriate .
the evacuation came after a phoned threat, sources say .
you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call.
you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call.
you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call.
klitschko's older brother vitali a prominent figure in ukraine democracy movement .
georgia fans twice invaded the field of play during sunday's 2-0 defeat to germany in tbilisi .
iniesta scored the winner against holland in the 2010 world cup final .
vicente del bosque used game to give younger spain players a chance .
read: liverpool want fiorentina goalkeeper neto... but face competition from psg, according to the brazilian's agent .
on thursday the icy blasts are set to drift south, hitting cities including memphis, jackson and knoxville .
captain ryan tilley was the last to leave the vessel, which was towed to a boatyard in eliot, massachusetts, on tuesday .
car owner feels dismayed as he bought the car not long ago .
driver, 34, arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving .
but he said he has no regrets and that his family had 'seen the funny side'
dorset police confirmed they are treating it as suspicious after evidence of three deliberate fires was discovered .
premier league still taking landlords to civil court using copyrights laws .
iain suthers, of university of new south wales, says the algae blossoms in the spring and the autumn .
sumner, from wokingham, faces three-year ban for home and away games .
they beat holland on penalties to win the competition last year .
windsor park's west stand suffered damage on monday night .
the fiance only found out about brittany's death a month later .
el centro college president jose adames has said a full investigation is underway .
but he has just returned to action after another lay-off .
click here for the latest premier league news .
the court of arbitration for sport lifted the ban and reduced the fine imposed from $1million to $50,000 .
the 27-year-old was in the cockpit as the plane landed .
he says it was still good to rekindle his good memories from his time there .
merson had slammed townsend for his display against man unitedâ .
the woman is struck in the face during the fight and is visibly bleeding .
easyjet said it should have made an exception to policy of accepting cash .
when mr potts stepped in he was hit in the back of the head and killed .
he also says sleep can be broken up as long as you get the first 4 hours .
he has been impressive all season for the la liga club .
villa take on manchester united at old trafford on saturday .
however, instructor tan said following his course the girls will be able to defend themselves even with chopsticks .
aston villa are 16th and three points clear of relegation zone .
kelvin davis will deputise until the end of the campaign .
denayer, 19, entered city's youth academy in 2013 and fits the bill .
team-mate jason denayer made his belgium debut against israel .
england improved and equalised through andros townsend after break .
police said they will continue to crack down on sale of illegal drugs .
durant pleaded not guilty to aggravated assault and disorderly conduct, and has been suspended indefinitely from the team .
he said chelsea star eden hazard's attributes would suit bayern .
read: chelsea star hazard rated europe's best midfielder .
thierry henry's mark of 20 in 2002-03 is four more than fabregas' total .
the 35-year-old is now being chased through the courts by creditors .
suspects are not a family group and were not accompanied by children .
austin is delighted and humbled to be fourth in the goalscoring charts .
perhaps he should pay attention to building a core of homegrown players .
he lashed out at them, calling them 'lil poofters' on saturday .
artist dave poulin has refused to comment on the controversy .
oliver  charged with attempted gross sexual assault, unlawful sexual touching and failing to comply with the sex offender registration act .
claims that lionel messi is currently enjoying 'best spell' of his career .
click here for the latest liverpool news .
steven taylor, paul dummett, cheick tiote and siem de jong also out for newcastle united ahead of wear-tyne derby .
read: mcilroy warned tiger woods he would catch him after penning golf legend a letter... when he was just nine years old!
but kamal confirmed his intention to step down .
west ham manager sam allardyce has defended pearson and his record .
mehdi abeid is expected to be in the squad after returning to training .
however, defender wes brown will miss the derby match through injury .
hearts play rangers on sunday and could help their rivals hibernian .
rangers go into saturday's game with championship title-winners hearts off the back of two consecutive wins .
speaking ahead of west ham's game with leicester, allardyce also took time to defend under-fire foxes boss nigel pearson .
the gunners have been linked to signing liverpool's raheem sterling .
read: sterling insists he is not a 'money-grabbing 20-year-old' sterling: what he said about contract talks... and what he meant .
as officials made their way off the field, they were pelted with missiles .
players from stoke, hull, liverpool and west ham feature in the top 10 .
the rise of raheem sterling: from £60 a day at qpr to knocking back £100,000-per-week contracts at liverpool .
after two days of intensive antidote treatment, he is going home .
arbeloa says his spell ended well but chelsea boss is happy in london .
brendan rodgers admits that their chances of qualifying for next season's champions league have severely diminished .
it comes after police warned motorists to obey road rules over easter .
she accepted and is now looking forward to going dress shopping .
gas carriers have little understanding of dangers claiming it to be safe .
sources told dailymail.com he is an 'animal lover' with a pet raccoon .
despite being blind, his art is highly accurate and incredibly vibrant .
former lille player was reported to be in a stable condition .
click here for all the latest qpr news .
kipsiro may have to leave uganda as he wants to protect his family .
gaston ramirez also set to play a role despite carrying slight knock .
sporting director jose luis perez caminero praises belgian defender .
marc muniesa expected back after five games out with hamstring problem .
alessandro diamanti and mohamed salah's earned fiorentina victory .
carlos tevez strikes as juventus maintain huge lead at the top .
wasps no 8 nathan hughes been banned for three weeks for the incident .
tigers currently have a three-point cushion to relegation zone .
he scored the only goal during england u21s' win against czech republic .
david alaba is expected to be out for the rest of the season .
fulham manager kit symons says his team are not safe from relegation .
alou diarra scored for  visitors against the run of play in the second half .
labour say ministers have failed to learn from the boxing day chaos .
click here for the latest barclays premier league news .
three mechanics also thought to have died in crash at 5.20pm yesterday .
he was not punished in the game but could face retrospective disciplinary action from the mexican league authorities .
almeria are 18th in la liga with nine games left to play .
nine teams in the barclays premier league have fewer goals this season .
the former goalkeeper earned one cap for sweden back in 2001 .
he denies assault allegations over alleged incident last month .
tens of thousands of people flocked to pope francis' good friday procession at the colosseum in rome .
james milner expected to be available for champions despite knee trouble .
read: diaby gets a game in friendly win over brentford .
the owners later called police when the animal returned to it's enclosure .
twitter users were quick to identify the on-screen blunder .
qpr manager says his players have belief that they can stay up .
richard dunne, leroy fer and alejandro faurlin also missing for qpr .
she has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events .
andy murray was similarly given reward after 500th career win .
bedene was born in slovenia and could rise up the rankings, says murray .
click here for all the latest from the miami open .
djokovic faces david ferrer next after spaniard beat gilles simon .
however, french manager is refusing to get complacent with their form .
mccall was surprised at the news rangers will have to hand newcastle £500,000 if they are promoted to the scottish premiership .
carver has stopped thinking about getting the job on a permanent basis .
click here for all the latest real madrid news .
real madrid's signing of danilo shows an intention to gamble on the future .
read: falcao still 'has faith' that he could continue at man utd next season .
42-year-old believes past experiences have inspired him to look after liverpool's young stars .
england star joked with daniel sturridge and shook hands with rodgers .
neymar, geard pique, oscar and juan mata have also starred .
st etienne will not take up an option to sign norwich striker ricky van wolfswinkel on a permanent deal .
widnes viking will rest a host of regular for visit to catalan dragons .
roy hodgson's players will now return to their clubs ahead of the weekend .
challenge now is for townsend to replicate international form for spurs .
click here to read martin samuel's match report from turin .
graziano pelle should return to serie a, according to the italian media .
one woman broke a leg while a second woman broke both her legs .
tindall ran the final mile and says he would like to do a similar challenge .
read: wenger reveals secrets of his team selection process .
he said city face 'eight finals' to end the season in a bid to catch chelsea .
two of the suspects were described as white males, while the escape vehicle was detailed as a white ford f-250 or f-350 four-wheel drive.
equality act applies to clubs with mixed memberships.
jose mourinho's first spell at chelsea abruptly ended in 2007 .
the cumbrians were relegated from league one last season and are at a serious risk of dropping out of the football league entirely this term .
to read mailonline sport's april fools' day gag, click here .
but he said he has no regrets and that his family had 'seen the funny side'
sportsmail's jamie carragher: 'the rest of them are desperate to be hit with the ball in the face and it's poor from yaya toure' gary neville: city have a mentality problem... they cannot sustain success .
dyke has now given the watch back with all 65 to be donated to charity .
john will visit his family, in particlar his ailing father, in coming weeks .
feared she wouldn't be able to take photos, but learned to use her left eye .
barcelona meet psg on april 15 in the first leg of champions league tie .
the terrifying incident took place in russia's dmitrov district .
having taken hormones for years, she had gender reassignment surgery .
but she claims she was stopped at airport check-in and police were called .
local resident tracey feltham said: 'it's such a wonderful act of kindness'
the club have confirmed that dave kevan will be moniz's assistant .
dundee are without a win in three matches themselves going into the game .
click here for all the latest golf news .
the 39-year-old was given a warm welcome back by the crowd .
the 18-year-old says incident that went viral was 'just a blur' to him .
james neesham will miss the tour because of a hamstring injury .
click here for all the latest cricket news .
hammers without enner valencia who is back in training .
queens park rangers teenager darnell furlong also ruled out .
allardyce led bolton wanderers to uefa cup qualification in 2005 .
the winger made his first start in almost three months last weekend .
nice and evian both picked up another point in their battles for survival .
napoli without a win for five matches after terrible run .
dortmund hope home win will keep them in shout of europa league spot .
torpedo punished three times this season for racist behaviour from fans .
joe cole and jores okore have also regained fitness for villans .
barclays premier league champions manchester city travel to crystal palace for monday night football .
liverpool are similarly poor with one win and two defeats .
he has compared sterling's situation with jack rodwell and scott sinclair .
in a world cup year, it would be a huge boost to national morale if english clubs could progress further into the competition .
read: rodgers insists sterling will not leave liverpool this summer .
the ex-portsmouth stopper is out of contract at the end of next season .
sterling admits it is 'quite flattering' to be linked with a move to arsenal .
sometimes the thought process to pick perfect xi takes all week .
he signed for liverpool in 2010 after seven years with qpr .
20-year-old has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay .
but javier pastore scored to settle the friendly in the 58th minute .
there is room for chelsea's john terry and striker sergio aguero .
club spokesman said: 'no one is blaming anyone.
former st mirren boss lennon looks set to take over at alloa athletic .
20-year-old gave an interview to the bbc on wednesday over the issue .
on friday knox answered call from tiger woods to play a practice round .
victory for day would earn him a place in the masters field .
sir stanley matthews played for a staggering 22 years and 228 days .
now being cared for by foster family and expected to make a full recovery .
the gunners take on liverpool at the emirates stadium on saturday .
steven gerrard won three trophies in the first year out of his teens .
mcburney deemed bright prospect for irish rugby and plays for under-20s .
first customer had queued for three hours for a portion .
he said he missed home in ways he never thought he would .
those games include the champions league clash against barcelona .
'now i have a waist!'
the 3.5 metre long python died while trying to digest the 16-year-old pet .
click here for all the latest manchester united news .
the toddler died in the hospital just days before her second birthday .
manchester united are looking for champions league spot after slow start .
three days of disruption start today at 5am and end on friday morning .
his 25-year-old friend was also attacked when he tried to help mr gibbins .
juventus won 3-0 at fiorentina to reach the coppa italia final on tuesday .
benteke's late free-kick rescued them from that fate at villa park .
read: manchester united end 499-day wait over manchester city .
read: sportsmail identifies five problems that need sorting at the etihad .
click here for all the latest news from the 2015 masters .
racing 92 scrum-half maxime machenaud scored the game's only try .
wisconsin will play duke in monday's final of the ncaa tournament .
daley's main aim this year is to win gold at the world championships .
san antonio stayed within two games of fight over no 2 playoff seed .
paul mcshane got a goal back for the visitors just five minutes after the restart, tapping in from close range .
click here for all the latest leicester city news .
black cats have not taken 17 of last 21 point available in derby games .
kenny miller and haris vuckic scored the goals in 2-1 win over hearts .
click here to enter the competition .
he also told one player he was 'not f****** good enough' to play for the club .
guardiola believes jerome boateng is one of the world's best defenders .
manchester city lost to crystal palace on monday night .
henrik stenson played down his chances after coming down with flu .
read: mcilroy hoping to become sixth man to win golf's grand slam .
click here to read all the latest arsenal news .
31-year-old lost via a unanimous decision to manny pacquiao in november .
kell brook is another possible opponent but khan wants to wait .
mayweather uploads photo inside his private jet ahead of pacquiao bout .
barcelona hoping to maintain la liga lead against celta vigo .
but that move went sour and pardew hopes bolasie will learn from zaha .
win moves wolves on to 68 points with six games remaining .
his first masters appearance coincides with donate life month .
raheem sterling should remain at anfield, according to fowler .
boss stuart mccall is confident of getting rejuvenated rangers promoted .
mauricio pochettino hopes spurs' england contingent will return on a high .
merson had slammed townsend for his display against man united .
'they may be in an expert category of visual processing,' said dr sasaki .
wales international hopes he can stay fit and show fans the best of him .
johnson was eventually defeated by jess willard in 1915, following 26 brutal rounds in the sweltering heat of cuba .
belgian international is one year into a five-year-deal at goodison park .
eagle interrupted north shore football club training session .
made one girl walk infront of him so he could 'evaluate her assets' jans, who had a $325,000 contract, is married and has two children .
a young lyth also spent time trialing as a midfielder with manchester city .
fowler quickly told the hater to 'get your facts straight', while alexis informed him that she worked her 'butt off'
for the 16th league game this season, city fielded a starting line-up with no english outfield players .
arsenal play liverpool at the emirates on saturday lunchtime .
'i have done a bit for sky and i really enjoyed it but first and foremost i am a coach and manager,' he said .
everton ace ross barkley and liverpool's raheem sterling are excused .
rodgers is confident that sterling can win silverware while at anfield .
carver insists that he will not make the same mistakes as his predecessor .
united are eight points behind chelsea having played a game more .
one reader said: 'i wasn’t sure if it was a playboy ad, or if it was a golf digest ad'
carlo ancelotti wants petr cech as a stop-gap if he has to wait until 2016 .
he is considering starting winger adam johnson for the game, for the first time for his arrest on suspicion of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl .
the new york city star revealed what he thinks went wrong for england .
cipriani made appearances off the bench against italy, scotland and france during the tournament .
he is out of contract in the summer and sunday's fixture at the stadium of light could be his last derby in a newcastle shirt .
moved out in 1980 and sold it to pharmaceutical ceo gavin s. herbert .
he believes that his 'hunger and determination' will more than make up for gavern's superior experience of 50 fights .
arsenal face liverpool in the premier league on saturday as the two sides compete for a top-four finish .
the gunners are six points ahead of liverpool in the race for champions league qualification next season .
ancelotti invited fergie's son darren to real madrid training early this year .
scott beaty, 44, in intensive care with broken facial bones and brain bleed .
after realising the young couple were not sleeping together, he began having sex with her himself .
read: man united should sign ibrahimovic, says peter schmeichel .
there is a history of trouble between the supporters of both clubs .
mr docherty said the job was not done to his specifications .
new location should start producing sedge for the bison to feed on .
a ba pilot claims his airline does not carry out mental health checks .
and villa's young midfielder says he will continue to do so .
click here for all the latest from the masters 2015 .
world no 1 now faces john isner, who beat kei nishikori 6-4, 6-3 .
trainer paul webber said of the track: 'i hope it dries up a bit'
hennessy's horse is one of eight irish-trained horses targeting the race .
only saracens made it through to the last four from england .
the right-arm quick took 30 wickets in 10 games at 31.57 last season .
grealish is hoping to replace that misery as a fan with joy as a player .
but he wants investment to carry out necessary stadium improvements .
gareth barry wants to continue winning run after three victories in a row .
west ham united equalised with 32 minutes gone when senegalese international cheikhou kouyate found the net .
falcao is hoping to make his first appearance in a manchester derby .
part of the premises is being knocked down now and the rest will be done when archway find a new premises .
pulis has steadied the ship at west brom since taking over in january and the club looks unlikely to be relegated this term .
click here for the latest west ham united news .
adnan januzaj captained the side as they went four points clear at the top .
feels his side should be judged on their performance on poor pitches .
mccall stresses that rangers are yet to achieve anything despite revival .
both keen to avoid discussing kevin pietersen's potential return .
dybala scored his 13th goal of serie a campaign on saturday .
inter milan draw again in serie a while ac milan continue resurgent form .
khan will take on former light-welterweight world champion chris algieri .
bowyer's squad have played 13 games in 43 days with a squad of 24 .
click here for all the latest burnley news .
houston beat texas rivals dallas thanks to 24 points from james harden .
the seasiders need two more points to pass stockport's 26 .
england barely broke sweat as they bowled a st kitts xi all out for 59 .
but the blues top scorer may not be ready to start premier league clash .
eric cantona, thierry henry and nicolas anelka have all won the prize .
arsenal, in third place, are six points ahead of liverpool in the league .
robbie fowler (twice), thierry henry, peter crouch and andrey arshavin have all scored three or more times in a single fixture .
click here for the latest liverpool news .
a troll called 'fatalsplash' then accused alexis of being a 'gold digger' fowler told the hater to 'get your facts straight' following comment .
aaron finch will join yorkshire after the indian premier league .
he has scored 48 centuries in 246 first-class matches .
further scans in italy proved negri's blood to be absolutely fine .
muliaina was led away led away by police after the match .
but consumer advocate says techies will be able to avoid the tax .
gough  competes in the investec ashes cycle challenge this summer .
arsenal striker olivier giroud completed the scoreline in injury time .
cellino currently serving a football league disqualification .
click here for all the latest liverpool news .
brendan rodgers praises 'outstanding' raheem sterling despite defeat .
kane is eligible for gareth southgate's team this summer .
click here for all the latest manchester city news .
sneijder replied to one supporter: 'very sorry.
the former football and baseball star and current analyst is said to be worth around $40million .
clips include violent beheadings and attacks but they are 'mostly' porn .
other clips included pictures of attacks on minorities and use of n-word .
he must also pay $63,000 in restitution to rail link .
plans on returning to hospital to see if it has worked .
takeaway reopened a few months later but was closed after further checks .
he also claims that he is essentially a 'very good person' despite his antics .
benaud had witnessed - as both a player and commentator - more than 500 test matches throughout his career .
he was bailed pending further inquiries as police continue investigation .
rooney has just captained england in an international friendly against italy .
cricket legend died in his sleep on thursday night in a sydney hospice .
cricket legend died in his sleep on thursday night in a sydney hospice .
liverpool boss believes the player is being manipulated by outside forces .
bournemouth spent 101 days at the top - the longest this season .
alan judge came off bench to score brentford's third in injury time .
downton was sacked as managing director of england cricket .
alec stewart said he would consider taking up the position .
dortmund xi vs bayern munich: weidenfeller; sokratis, subotic, hummels, schmelzer; gundogan, bender; błaszczykowski, reus, kampl; aubameyang .
the italian did not even travel with the team for the premier league clash .
northampton director of rugby jim mallinder admitted defeat was among the most distressing nights of his career .
click here to read sami mokbel's match report from stamford bridge .
sportsmail reveal which managers have most faith in young, english talent .
mcilroy could be the sixth man to win the grand slam at augusta national .
in a bid to cheer the youngster up, a local newspaper headed to his family home armed with dozens of chocolate easter eggs .
click here for all the latest boxing news .
masters 2015 golf: friday's tee-off times at augusta national .
player took the bragging rights with a 240-yard tee shot .
djokovic is bidding to win his fifth title at key biscayne .
hamilton: ferrari?
samoa star va'aiga tuigamala talked robinson out of suicide .
kevin pietersen and surrey will be focus of attention in division two .
villa boss says mauricio pochettino deserves credit for playing young stars .
spurs boss mauricio pochettino has not given up hope of top-four place .
hull also have their eye on west brom attacker victor anichebe .
the foxes are bottom of the premier league table with 22 points .
click here for all the latest west brom news .
however, tomkins accepted it may be too late to feature again this season .
now the european champions are appealing the decision .
click here for all the latest manchester united news .
saul niguez added a second before the interval to double his side's lead .
but van gaal has warned his squad it is important to battle till the end .
however he now appears to be an integral member of united's squad .
joshua now takes on kevin johnson at the o2 on may 30 .
fellow heavyweight david price is being lined up to fight chisora .
juventus will face either napoli or lazio in coppa italia final .
he admits retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled .
mcilroy could become only the sixth player to win all four majors .
read: xavi still has vital role to play for barcelona, insists luis enrique .
click here for all the latest manchester city news .
woods has won four green jackets, the last of which came in 2005 .
fortune heaped praise on barca for being able to scrape vital win .
adam though was left with mixed feelings as chelsea earned three points .
belgian international also grabbed an assist for loic remy to bag a winner .
sterling has two years left to run on his existing £35,000-a-week contract .
in the second half, tom ince scored to complete derby's comeback .
fans believe mcnamara's position at the club is  ‘untenable’
cavani does, however, take issue with being played out of position .
but abendanon's not yet given up hope of a call-up to the national team .
click here for all the latest tottenham news .
he says sterling does not owe his career to the anfield club .
brendan rodgers has confirmed that sterling will start against arsenal .
switching to another club now would not be good idea for his development .
back in december, bush, who suffers from parkinson's, was hospitalized for shortness of breath for about a week .
anyabwile  involved in attempted coup in 1990, parliamentary report found .
city lost the game at palace 2-1 to seemingly end their title aspirations .
fowler named marco van basten as his strike partner in starting xi .
the 16-year-old and 15-year-old were charged with grievous bodily harm .
the exquisite design captures the quintessential australian beachside home .
police said he may have walked into the park and got disorientated .
everton will likely rekindle interest in tom cleverley in the summer .
happened when the pair wandered on to the clockwise carriageway as it reopened .
neil qualified for the masters by virtue of a win in the scottish boys championship in 2013 and then the british amateur championship .
click here to follow the masters 2015 day two action live .
the cooler climate should suit lewis hamilton and nico rosberg .
believes impressive domestic form is being let down by international form .
he incurred a one-game suspension but that has now been overturned .
two sides meet in the manchester derby at old trafford on sunday .
the longest spell he has ever spent at one club is three seasons .
aguero described man utd striker radamel falcao as one of the most naturally gifted players in world football .
defender mauricio captures fans celebrations with selfie stick .
yaya toure, filipe luis and lucas leiva among mancini's targets .
the blues are currently seven points ahead of second-placed arsenal .
20-year-old left barcelona for north london in 2011 as a teenager .
eoin morgan, ravi bopara and kevin pietersen lead english charge .
charlie austin scored his 17th premier league goal of the campaign .
arteta, wilshere and diaby are all close to first-team returns .
read: arsenal's alex oxlade-chamberlain, calum chambers, jack wilshere and danny welbeck keep their agents close .
he will now seek to restore some national pride in the west indies .
the spending restrictions were set for this season and the next one .
she then prevailed in the play-off to claim a sixth lpga tour title .
derby want the burnley boss to replace mcclaren if he leaves this summer .
liverpool face blackburn in fa cup quarter-final replay on wednesday .
alan hutton, ashley westwood and scott sinclair are all out for villa .
he was out of favour with paul lambert but could return for tim sherwood .
villa boss says this is the biggest game of his managerial career .
blues captain will face rio ferdinand's qpr side at loftus road on sunday .
defender hill is encouraged by four points taken from last two matches .
a win over villa would put ramsey's rs ahead of villa on goal difference .
richard dunne and leroy fer could return for sunday's visit of chelsea .
wallace, a brazilian under-20 international, made his debut for jose mourinho’s side during their summer tour of asia in 2013 .
we have also compiled a composite xi made up from the eight teams .
the welshman will be reassessed by a neurologist at the end of april .
jim malinder, nothampton's director of rugby, wants the club to act in the best interests of north's long-term health .
ian bell retired on 43 and alastair cook after making 22 .
after the crash and cancer treatment richie benaud was walking daily with wife daphne .
mr philp claimed it was out of character but he has similar convictions .
says he was given warning and went on his way after listening to officer .
pietersen's surrey team-mate chris tremlett back him to return .
david moyes claimed the accolade 10 times when at everton .
in the video she is repeatedly told to put down the knife but responds 'f*** you no' and 'bring it on' before she walks towards officers and is shot .
the 4-year-old girl and two other siblings, ages 10 and 12, were not hurt in the shooting .
dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
it has been affectionately dubbed the 'dr seuss tower' and attracts fans .
axford will be out for at least three days and a maximum of a week .
he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november .
united felt that martin demichelis overreacted when caught by a flailing arm from marouane fellaini .
stubbs singled out farid el alagui for special praise after the striker came back from an achilles injury .
one officer had glass removed from his head after the crowd threw bottles .
they decided to drag it alongside the car instead and lost about a third of their stash .
ms verrall managed to get away by kneeing her attacker in the groin .
the 65-year-old will receive the prize at a november ceremony in sydney .
passengers stranded in one plane forced to climb to safety through tail .
jose mourinho's side visit qpr in the premier league on sunday .
click here for all the latest news from the world of f1 racing .
gobitaca represented sweden in tv show world’s most talented .
david beckham was present to watch the mls clash at the stubhub arena .
tiger woods and sergio garcia tee off at 6:15pm .
click here for all the latest formula one news .
alonso says he expects success will come -  it is just a 'matter of time'
it is  second time in month that walsh has fallen after annie power tumble .
he is the first englishman to hit a sheffield shield hundred since 1978 .
26-year-old will chase an england recall through good county form .
mile jedinak set to be included for eagles following four-match ban .
midfielder is one of very few players respected by a disgruntled fanbase .
barcelona currently sit four points clear of rivals real madrid at the top .
united can move four points clear of their 'noisy neighbours' with victory .
saturday's win led the parisian club to lift their fifth league cup trophy .
they boast a less than impressive home record, winning one in nine .
click here to read neil ashton's match report .
carlo ancelotti now faces a selection poser ahead of rayo visit .
click here for all the latest real madrid news .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in the sensational team performance .
wilfried bony, stevan jovetic and dedryck boyata will be absent for city .
he has experienced a meteoric rise from his days playing for non-league maidstone united to turning out for the red devils now .
paul scholes, michael owen and robin van persie were also included .
cesc fabregas will play with protective face mask for the blues .
orlando city take on the portland timbers on sunday .
city boss cotterill was happy to avoid defeat against preston after admitting he had thought about the worst case scenario .
latics are seven points from safety in the championship table .
read: hector bellerin tops poll to replace dani alves at barcelona .
prison officers said to turn blind eye to the partying in december, last year .
the track runs from kleine scheidegg (2061m) to jungraujoch (3454m) opened in 1912, the track is visited by more than 800,000 people per year .
the footage was captured by a couple in thai town of kanchanaburi .
john carver's side were beaten 1-0 by local rivals sunderland on sunday .
next season will have to see united mount sustained challenge for title .
the 2015 masters gets underway at augusta national next thursday .
scans revealed he sustained a grade two medial collateral ligament injury .
spurs now sit third in table behind united and liverpool .
velez sarsfield were left furious after decision during game with arsenal .
the owls made two half-time substitutions but it failed to take effect .
charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test .
ipswich have now lost four out of five away in the championship .
diego mainz scores own goal in second half while roberto ibanez nets consolation for the visitors .
manchester city face crystal palace at selhurst park on monday night .
image comes amid heightened safety concerns after alps plane crash .
luis suarez shown a yellow card for diving by referee inaki vicandi garrido .
ronaldo has 18 goals in 12 against sevilla; 15 in 20 versus atletico .
the frenchman praised his defensive partner gerard pique for his display .
herrera netted a brace in manchester united's 3-1 win over aston villa .
marquinhos brings psg level again, before jeremy morel own goal puts champions ahead moments later .
the u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon has called the destruction of the nimrud ruins 'a war crime'
wallenda has also tight-rope walked across niagara falls and the grand canyon .
after authorities found out, some $7,000 of the stash has been recovered .
capacity of anfield will increase from 45,000 to 54,000 .
while geyer said he would get into a lot of fights after drinking alcohol .
paramedics treated the man who suffered a bite wound to his lower leg .
but verdu nicolas rescued a point for the visitors late on .
rory mcilroy and tiger woods were among those at six under after 68s .
they tackle him to ground; reserve deputy robert bates shouts 'taser!'
click here for the latest chelsea news .
newcastle equalised eight minutes later after les ferdinand's strike .
he believes toure would choose to join inter if he leaves city this summer .
paris saint-germain are very interested in angel di maria and paul pogba .
read: arsene wenger reveals secrets of his team selection process .
the 27-year-old admits it is difficult but he is relaxed about his future .
given a suspended prison sentence and ordered to complete unpaid work .
the report showed 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse .
police allege they occurred in 1987 and 1989 .
shannen hussein has a number of pets on her hobby farm in melbourne .
manchester united beat rivals city 4-2 on sunday afternoon .
click here for neil ashton's match report from loftus road .
the serbian raced away in the final set to claim his fifth miami open title .
kimi raikkonen was second fastest in the second session in shanghai .
miami heat lost 78-89 vs chicago bulls in the eastern conference .
cleveland secured central division title with  defeat of milwaukee .
evans's first qualifier is against 1997 world champion ken doherty .
ice hockey world championship takes place in holland next week .
click here for all the latest swansea news .
armstrong and his then dundee united team-mates were beaten 2-0 .
in 1967, he became the first ever british captain to lift the european cup .
john carver's side nine points clear of relegation zone in 13th place .
liverpool remain in the frame for james milner and danny ings .
real madrid host 19th-placed granada at the bernabeu on sunday .
real madrid beat eibar 3-0 to go just 2 points behind barcelona in la liga .
and it remains to be see whether city will stick with manuel pellegrini .
palermo earned just their second away win of the season with udinese win .
mata has challenged his teammates to keep on fighting right to the end .
one direction star niall horan caddied for mcilroy in wednesday's par-3 contest .
woods was captured on camera dancing to music while practising .
jack nicklaus showed he’s still got it at the age of 75 with a hole-in-one in the par-3, but he couldn’t match camilo villegas who recorded two .
city’s squad, constructed carefully and expensively, is too old, too foreign .
click here for all the latest manchester city news .
read: manchester united midfielder ander herrera tracked by barcelona .
luis suarez won last year with gareth bale taking the prize the year before .
read: mourinho hails remy as striker stakes claim to replace costa .
fabregas joked that he might finally be able to get his nose fixed .
eden hazard, alexis sancez and ander herrera also feature in the top 10 .
united have not recorded a home win against city since february 2011 .
argentina ace rojo has been accused of sleeping with a fitness instructor .
herrera added a third in the closing stages of the first half to complete the scoreline for the red devils .
adrian durham: sterling would only be earning the same as balotelli if he signed new £100,000-a-week deal at liverpool... that's the real issue here .
john carver's side have only picked up nine points since .
read: sterling would only be earning the same as balotelli if he signed new £100,000-a-week deal at liverpool... and that's the real issue here .
adrian durham: sterling would be earning the same as balotelli if he signed £100,000-a-week deal at liverpool... that's the real issue here .
reserve goalkeeper tom starke ruled out for four weeks .
manuel neuer looking for bayern to build momentum in cup on wednesday .
bayern restored their 10-point lead at the top of the bundesliga .
gary hooper won the game for norwich in the closing moments .
the hornets are currently just one point behind leaders bournemouth .
berahino shares same agent as liverpool winger raheem sterling .
click here for all the latest west brom news .
foxes boss pearson admits they have no margin for error .
click here for all the latest barcelona news .
win puts england fourth in series into the final olympic qualifying spot .
says one of the first things he'll do is go surfing after getting back home .
united and england captain wayne rooney is a regular at wing's .
read: ronaldo still some way behind pele in the one-club scoring charts .
signing a defender, midfielder and forward may make them title favourites .
do you know the weightlifter?
the ex-spurs star wants to raise awareness of dangers relating to diabetes .
robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident, causing heavy bruising .
woods is making his latest atttempt at a comeback at the masters after his dramatic fall from grace following scandal over his countless infidelities .
jointly charged with causing or allowing death of a child and causing or allowing serious physical harm to a child .
commentary box colleagues and cricketing greats gathered afterwards for memorial .
companies which fall foul of the law could be fined as much as £13,200 .
raphael varane was real madrid's best player in defence .
simeone refuses to blame sergio ramos for clash with mario mandzukic .
semi-pro footballer hall rejoined lincolnshire club last week .
click here for all the latest barcelona news .
mother slipped and fell trying to retrieve her mobile phone at lookout .
the video ends with the spider approaching limmy's forehead .
bouris is the son of businessman and the apprentice host mark bouris .
says the treatment led to host of other health problems and  pain .
sally and stephen morley among 1,500 couples in uk to use technology .
brown netted a second but adrian viveash's side could have won by more .
officer michael slager, who shot scott, faces murder charge .
she died in hospital on friday, aged 19, after defying doctors' expectations .
bayern munich boss pep guardiola is believed to be an admirer .
serie a club also hope to tie down goalkeeper samir handanovic .
click here for the latest premier league news .
the rise of raheem sterling: from £60 a day at qpr to knocking back £100,000-per-week contracts .
he wants to lower floors and knock down walls to create bigger rooms .
perth woman spent a week in jail before she was released on bail .
bosses at wigan st judes rugby league club said he had 'great potential'
he is appealing a 33-year prison sentence .
hamburg appointed former coach bruno labbadia on 15-month contract .
club has received support from hearts and motherwell to lower to 25% .
rusedski, who switched to britain from canada, offered his support .
after seeing the replay, the serbian posted an apology video on facebook .
sebastian vettel will start third with felipe massa fourth... valtteri bottas and kimi raikkonen complete third row .
sebastian vettel will start third for ferrari with felipe massa fourth .
but his brakes caught fire and he was forced to stop on track .
bell says it was 'nice to come back and put things right'
teams pay their respect to richie benaud, who died last week .
follow the first test live here .
england's women's footballers and coronation street stars also join in .
lennon is currently on loan at everton from rivals tottenham hotspur .
defoe's winner secured advocaat his first victory as black cats boss .
was also revealed that mcnamara receives cut of transfer fees .
'there is no singing and dancing today.
but stuart mccall's side recovered to keep up the pressure on hibernian .
john carver has no complaints with the sending off .
but he hopes liverpool have staying power to put pressure on city .
click here for all the latest premier league news .
izzy brown, dominic solanke and ruben loftus-cheek represent the best chance the club has of bucking the trend .
click here for all the latest chelsea news .
downton's exit is not expected to be the last following poor world cup .
spieth will play alongside henrik stenson and billy horschel on thursday .
click on the brilliant interactive graphic below for details on each hole of the masters 2015 course .
click here for all the latest news from the masters 2015 .
lebron james recorded first triple-double as cleveland beat chicago .
boston celtics beat toronto raptors in overtime to boost play-off hopes .
click here for all the latest man city news .
sanchez was man of the match while liverpool's martin skrtel was the game's poorest player .
barca defender adriano has warned this time will be more intense .
lucas moura: lionel messi is my idol...
read: psg boss laurent blanc feels his side have hit momentum .
ibrahimovic doubled the lead for the french champions before half-time .
benatia described his injury as an 'occupational hazard' on twitter .
click here for all the latest rangers news .
gavin reilly completed the upset that dents gers' hopes of second place .
now wants others to be aware of 'everyday' symptoms and get checked out .
robin van persie could leave man united - making room for cavani .
picture of nasr's selfie and the street view image shared 2.9million times .
click here for all the latest liverpool news .
read: liverpool could sign pedro if sterling leaves anfield this summer .
james tredwell out-bowls adil rashid in contest to be test spinner .
read: manchester city to swoop for jack wilshere and jordan henderson .
click here for all the latest manchester united news .
says rojo and his representatives tried to frame her for blackmail .
he believes he can play a part in arsenal's season-defining games .
up to 97 per cent of level iv maximum-security inmates in california are gang affiliated .
he will face trial at manchester magistrates' court on june 19 .
read: which clubs have suffered most at the hands of the ronaldo?
bookmaker is no stranger to controversial ad campaigns .
the ex-spurs star wants to raise awareness of dangers relating to diabetes .
fabregas took to instagram to show he was all smiles despite the bruises .
arsenal started this season poorly with defeats at swansea and stoke city .
but the england international is not necessarily a first-team regular .
but the plan backfired as rangers made a poor start in premier league .
arsenal's santi cazorla and napoli's marek hamsik also make our list .
clint hill was the unlikely man to level the scores after the break for chris ramsey's side .
read: chelsea must remain focused to keep up title tilt, insists willian .
van gaal is currently impressing as manchester united manager .
watson said he took the result 'with pride' american defends his title as the 79th masters tees off on thursday .
no-one has been charged, but other leeds players have been disciplined .
a spokesman for the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission believes the image is genuine .
read: manchester united end 499-day wait over manchester city .
liverpool also endured poor campaigns in both european campaigns .
moeen ali stars on the cover of wisden, released on wednesday .
22-year-old is currently at monaco but has also played for lens and sevilla .
and he bought shirts for two fans in 2014 after his number was changed .
louis van gaal has avoided a lengthy, energy-sapping tour this year .
a total of nine nations have just a single top-flight goal this season .
he required lengthy treatment on the field and an ice pack off it .
read: manchester united to tour america for just 12 days in pre-season .
bayern munich are 10 points clear at the top of the bundesliga .
as united and city go head-to-head, we ask: just how manc is the  derby?
as united and city go head-to-head, we ask: just how manc is the derby?
ortholabsport have also made masks for petr cech and fernando torres .
click here for all the latest man city news .
michael vaughan immediately said he would like to speak to the ecb about the newly created job of director of england cricket .
james rodriguez doubled their lead as real beat rayo vallecano 2-0 in la liga .
read: liverpool  need philippe coutinho to shine to get into the top four .
colombian camilo villegas later eclipsed nicklaus' achievement, hitting two aces during his round .
boss brendan rodgers revealed henderson had no thoughts about missing the match .
several, among them emre can and raheem sterling, have shone in parts .
bellerin scored opening goal for arsenal against liverpool last week .
carlo ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to ronaldo .
robert lewandowski also had a legitimate goal mistakenly ruled out .
chelsea are their opponents in the final, having beaten tottenham 5-4 .
two additional suspects are being sought in connection to the incident .
leslie cooper, 36, has been charged with the syrian-national's murder .
former england boss capello believes terry should have kept his role .
video captures daredevil struggling over a ledge on building .
author martin fletcher says his findings warrant further investigation .
a police officer was seriously injured in the firefight that ensued in zaragoza .
they were flanked by officials at kim's grandfather's 103rd birthday party .
shannon will appear before magistrates in manchester next week .
shaw says united goalkeeper david de gea is the 'nicest guy in football' read luke shaw: 'i'd give myself a c- for my debut united season'
alan shearer, nolberto solano and gary speed are included in the photos .
midfielder ilkay gundogan has been linked with premier league clubs .
ayew admits he grew up watching english football as a boy .
labadie served a 10-match ban and was fined £2,000 in 2014 for biting .
champions psg in champions league action against barcelona .
defender scored during city's jpt victory against walsall in march .
fans reacted angrily when south sydney sealed a 18-17 victory .
perhaps in a swipe at cristiano ronaldo, pique went on to say that there is no hint of jealousy between the three barcelona players .
but footage from scene  appears to show hall running away from cops .
zoo vets took the opportunity to give suma a full check-up including her ears, teeth and eyes .
hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd .
he has previously been accused of sexual assaulting young models .
youngster stumbles backwards but takes the hit remarkably well .
video was shot at the criadouro onca pintada breeding centre .
driver is preparing for shanghai grand prix in china .
jimmy anderson, chris jordan, stuart broad and james tredwell all take a wicket each in west indies' first innings at sir viv richards stadium .
click here for all the latest celtic news .
franz beckenbauer: hummels is the perfect age to join manchester united .
in extra time, kehl hit a wonderful volleyed effort from outside the box .
captain mats hummels disagrees with manager .
jose mourinho believes abramovich is also helping english football .
referee marija kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to norway for encroachment after disallowing england's penalty on saturday .
volunteer said that 'with time he became my good friend'
areas that don't see strong storms on thursday could see heavy rain instead .
he has now proposed to yan and promised to keep on feeding her .
incident closed busy stretch for more than an hour causing big tailbacks .
click here for all the latest manchester united news .
loanee facundo ferreyra replaced de jong at half-time .
carver admits he is only concerned with results and not performances .
siem de jong could boost the club with his imminent return .
quillin had failed to make the required weight of 160lbs on friday .
mcdowell was initally give a one-shot penalty for moving his marker as he was attempting to swap a bee away from his ball on the third green .
that is that he is never a hypocrite when he faces the media .
mourinho: i have a problem, i am getting better and better .
click here for all the latest news from the masters 2015 .
paul downton dismissal as managing director has opened door .
and, fleetingly, a bit marvellous too .
click here for all the latest arsenal news .
mourinho: i have a problem, i am getting better and better .
referee marija kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to norway for encroachment after disallowing england's penalty on saturday .
click here to print out sportsmail's grand national sweepstake ahead of the big race on saturday .
vaughan will want unprecedented responsibility if he is to take up role .
but the dudley native fought back to lead 4-3 .
phil taylor lost his fourth in five with defeat by raymond van barneveld .
read: arsenal bid to finalise transfer for 'next lionel messi' maxi romero .
injury-hit tiger woods recorded a 73 in just his third start of the year .
sharpe said she has not watched the video of the shooting or read any news reports or watched any news coverage of the incident .
incident capped another disappointing weekend for hapless mclaren .
rosberg also said: 'oh, come on, guys', over the team radio after he was informed he'd missed out on pole for sunday's chinese grand prix .
saint-andre will remain in charge for the forthcoming world cup .
chris jordan says that the record is 'just around the corner'
charlotte edwards received her cbe from the queen .
vaughan is favourite to take up role of england cricket director .
michael oliver decided it was a penalty, which jonjo shelvey converted .
hammond has been sidelined since january but is back in training .
under 21 premier league player of the month award based on statistics .
queens park rangers remain in the relegation zone by two points .
rangers face dumbarton away from home on saturday .
rangers travel to take on bottom-of-the-table livingston on wednesday .
click here for all the latest rangers news .
real return to la liga action against malaga at the bernabeu on saturday .
he already has a league cup winners' medal in his collection .
former chelsea goalkeeper carlo cudicini feels arsenal should sign him .
psg travel to barcelona for the return leg on march 21 .
click here for all the latest liverpool news .
bhutan's wins over sri lanka boost them 46 places off the bottom .
hall was charged with six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace .
united travel to premier league leaders chelsea on saturday evening .
jon walters is carrying a knee problem but is in contention .
but chelsea manager determined to stick with his stars in title race .
united have won their last five league matches, climbing up to third .
barcelona are however, now keen to keep hold of the 32-year-old star .
fabricio coloccini will complete his three-match ban for the toon .
suarez: i couldn't have carried on playing if i'd slipped like steven gerrard .
read: robbie savage brands balotelli's absence at blackburn 'pathetic' click here for all the latest liverpool news .
read: steven gerrard's fa cup dream at wembley  remains a reality .
balotelli responded by showing a thermometer reading 38.7c (101.66f) the liverpool striker used the hashtags #unluckyseason and #illbeback .
click here for all the latest news from the world of boxing .
watch here: mayweather vs pacquiao official advert released .
luis suarez doubled the catalan's lead with a similarly curling left-footed stunner after the interval .
horan suffered an embarrassing slip while carrying mcilroy's clubs during the round on wednesday .
jason day and other big-hitters look set for strong week at masters 2015 .
femail looks at the new breed of supermodel daughters .
former newcastle captain bobby moncur laid flowers at memorial .
lopetegui said his side is still evolving with new talent from the summer .
barcelona face psg in champions league quarter-final tie on wednesday .
brown captained chelsea under 19s to uefa youth league success .
a fifth green jacket would take the 39-year-old's major haul to 15 .
caroline wozniacki caddied for the northern ireland ace at 2014 masters .
midfielder isco is likely to replace bale if he is unable to play .
la liga giants barcelona will be without dani alves for the clash in paris .
hibernian adamant final round of fixtures should be played at same time .
there are believed to be well over 100 names on down-to-earth guest list .
coach shaun wane said the welsh international is ready to 'rip in' flower said on monday that he regrets the brutal attack every day .
the 27-year-old is ready for a comeback after a six-month ban .
dutch striker has scored 10 premier league so far this season .
read: jordan henderson hopes liverpool can turn up heat on man city .
cristiano ronaldo looking to add to his eight champions league goals .
thorpe park welcomes creepy crawlies, dark caves and slimey quizzes .
sport star tweets he is lost for words and emotions following surprise win .
pele and gerd muller lead the way, while lionel messi makes the top 10 .
click here for all the latest southampton news .
the midfielder has slowly bought into the dressing room culture .
click here for all the latest newcastle united news .
sunderland are 15th in the table and three points clear of the drop zone .
tributes flowed in  to the legendary 'godfather of cricket' from all circles .
the last 16 will take place across two sessions on thursday .
she ultimately played four games for mount st. joseph university before her health forced her to quit and coach instead .
the warwickshire batsman left the tour due to a stress-related condition .
van persie has been declared fit to face united's rivals after returning from nearly two months out .
redknapp was frustrated with stories linking tim sherwood with his job .
matt smith restored fulham's lead before half-time .
abou diaby, jack wilshere, mikel arteta and mathieu debuchy in line to return to first-team fold .
read: manchester united players train ahead of sunday's big derby .
real are four points behind barcelona in the race for the la liga title .
rio ferdinand, brother of anton, will not be fit to play against chelsea .
olivier giroud picks coldplay, danny welbeck opts for chase and status .
former blues juan mata and ryan bertrand are in his best xi picks .
could set a record of 272 days if they stay top until end of this campaign .
see our manchester united vs manchester city combined xi here .
both have privately let it be known they feel the time is right for a new start .
wallace is on loan at vitesse and was involved in a nightclub incident .
austrian believes rosberg is extremely professional but lacks confidence .
and that was where the magic pencil line came to his rescue .
paul downton was sacked as managing director of england team .
hazard has more goals this season but cazorla has one more assist .
officer hits him, sprays him with pepper spray, stuns him with taser .
rosberg also said: 'oh, come on, guys', over the team radio after he was informed he'd missed out on pole for tomorrow's chinese grand prix .
manchester united, chelsea and liverpool are also high on our countdown .
the scot was asked to perform the act by sky's soccer am presenters .
click here to enter the competition .
they face leeds united in their next encounter, on easter monday .
the retired cook is looking for a 'down-to-earth' woman who's 'at least 28' thomas says his kids, aged six to 11, think the advertisement is 'cute'
will have to wait 8-10 years for a tipple while the whisky matures .
my mother said that to me!'
the 2015 lotte championship, hosted at the ko olina resort in hawaii, comes to a close on april 18 .
the chadbournes were able to free clint and  posted video on facebook .
nike say they have entered into a consultation process with staff .
but gunners boss arsene wenger said the talk was 'ridiculous'
champions league game in 2005 was abandoned due to flares thrown .
david villa was forced off at half time with a hamstring strain .
diego castro equalised to ensure a point for getafe .
his relationship with lionel messi and neymar has reaped rewards .
read: gerrard's fa cup dream on 35th birthday remains a reality .
durst blames 'politicos and business leaders' for city's lack of pro football .
police have spoken with the driver and are continuing their investigations .
biggest difference is hotel rooms, which are double the price of new york .
both have been charged for animal cruelty and appear in court on april 17 .
toddler ronnie tran reunited with parents but grandmother is still at large .
there have been 30,621 claims of missing valuables since 2010, with most claims coming from john f. kennedy airport in new york .
it was shared by celebrities like taylor swift and ellen degeneres .
previously told how she sticks to 'wholesome carbs' to prepare for races .
newcastle are on a five-match losing run in the premier league .
bianca took to twitter to brand her attackers 'lowlifes'
but he is unlikely to replace manuel pellegrini at manchester city .
england winger says confidence at old trafford is now 'sky high' click here to read ian ladyman's match report from old trafford .
read: will dani alves be at man utd next season?
the 1-1 draw leaves swansea eighth in the premier league table with roberto martinez's men sitting in 12th .
toffees played 10 european games but howard says form is down to luck .
video maker said the pair 'seriously love to play together'
the bizarre footage was recorded at the family home in texas .
spencer faces first-degree murder charges and was booked at elder county jail .
21-year-old admitted that the accolade had not quite sunk in yet .
read: spieth has world at his feet after record-breaking masters triumph .
click here for our andy murray and kim sears picture special .
but two more evans three-pointers kept the home side in front .
moeen ali called up to england squad for second and third tests .
jermaine blackwood hit his maiden test century for the hosts .
kawhi leonard, matt bonner, patty mills and aron baynes all teamed up .
arsenal play chelsea in their next league game at the emirates .
but two successive wins have given them genuine hope of survival .
robert huth struck with 10 minutes to go to make it 2-2 before vardy hit winning goal .
chris ramsey's qpr remain in the premier league relegation zone .
denmark international could be sold for a fee close to £3.5million .
sam allardyce wants west ham to be defensively solid on sunday .
cole almost joined west brom in january before allardyce pulled the plug .
marius zaliukas equalised for rangers two minutes later .
but they have some way to go to catch the 436 of real madrid .
two teams meet again for the second leg on april 21 at the nou camp .
croatia international has denied claims carvajal bit him during game .
aiden mcgeady is also a major doubt for everton with a back injury .
saints striker jay rodriguez working way back to full fitness .
jack wilshere, mikel arteta & abou diaby back in contention for gunners .
arsenal and other clubs are now cooling their interest in sterling .
footage also emerged of him inhaling nitrous oxide from a balloon .
he is also targeting his eighth olympic medal at the rio 2016 games .
team sky's bradley wiggins was involved in the race but avoided crash .
he has also had a spell with hampshire .
united won the icc last year after a 3-1 final victory against liverpool .
click here for all the latest liverpool news .
rodgers also said he believes the race for the top four is not over yet .
roma and lazio locked in exciting battle for the champions league .
la liga leaders barca now two points ahead of rivals real madrid .
click here for all the latest liverpool news .
click here for all the latest chelsea news .
burnley remain in the bottom three with fixtures against fellow strugglers leicester, hull and aston villa to come .
that is a heap of pressure to drop on young shoulders .
they have walked in boxers like floyd mayweather and ricky hatton .
he lines up for bayern munich, who face porto in the quarter-final .
read: see where cristiano ronaldo and co unwind after training .
atletico won't retain la liga title, but believe they can challenge in europe .
read: arsenal manager wenger brands monaco boss jardim a liar .
the italian side are missing paul pogba, but that has enabled other midfield players to come to the fore and impress .
referees from serbia, czech republic and spain also selected for games .
striker won the trophy with manchester united in 2008 .
eddie howe's side have set a club record 106 goals in all competitions .
read: bowyer shocked by keeper's late effort against liverpool .
in last five years only three semi-finalists have been from premier league .
the royals overcame bradford with a 3-0 replay win in the quarter-finals .
the 47-year-old has been linked to arsenal and man city jobs .
raheem sterling and jordon ibe were with the first team squad at the hillsborough memorial service .
psg missed zlatan ibrahimovic's world-class qualities in their defeat .
police are now set to investigate the fighting and spahic faces a ban .
last late afternoon weekend kick-off in the manchester derby saw 34 fans arrested at wembley in 2011 fa cup semi-final .
liverpool to face aston villa in semi-final at wembley on sunday, april 19 .
footage also emerged of him inhaling nitrous oxide from a balloon .
it was north's third blow to the head in the space of two months .
toulon will host leinster at marseille's stade velodrome on april 19 .
william helu scored two tries for the visitors in a gallant effort .
qantas flight was taxiing to the runway when the alleged incident occurred .
with kelly and michael .
his mother donna, walked out of court in tears after graphic testimony .
van persie declares himself fit, but do manchester united need him?
ander herrera, juan mata and wayne rooney are in fine form .
man united can open up a four-point gap if they beat their bitter rivals .
read: wayne rooney renaissance comes at perfect time for man united .
city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions .
rooney's return up front has coincided with united's stunning form .
dutchman also claims what he said to defoe couldn't be repeated on tv .
sunderland have beaten newcastle in their last five consecutive meetings .
sunderland boss dick advocaat earns his first tyne-wear derby victory .
led to calls for campaign to stem sexist and threatening behaviour .
the pair have a long-term ambition to take reading to the premier league .
stoke city boss mark hughes has also called for a crackdown on racism .
dublin played for manchester united, coventry city and aston villa .
but louis van gaal will travel to stamford bridge without several key men .
the decision to play rooney in midfield has been an unpopular one before .
knight ordered to make a public apology following facebook comments .
louis van gaal has told the young left back he is not fit enough .
click here for all the latest newcastle united news .
aaron ramsey's side face belgium in crucial clash in june .
an inquiry into fire found it was an accident caused by discarded cigarette .
a photojournalist was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred about a half-block behind him and the manhole flew up .
before his arrest, hernandez was a star tight-end for the new england patriots, with a $40million five-year contract .
rademenes comforts the strays after surgery and even licks their ears .
he is currently on a book tour promoting beneath the surface .
one user stated there are a total of 294 possible variations .
park manager  said brian has been 'entertaining our guests for years'
welshman has dedicated his last couple of goals to her in memory .
mr giroux claims the fish becomes frustrated if not stroked each day .
steward fernando miguel andrade viseu ordered to attend drug rehabilitation when sentenced for theft .
city scouts were deployed to watch porto's alex sandro this week .
spurs face premier league clash against newcastle on sunday .
spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning first major of career .
the usa travel to face italy in a world group play-off in brindisi .
read: hamilton insists rosberg was not trying to win in shanghai .
hamilton says he is 'prepared' for rosberg's underhand tactics .
both mercedes drivers are en route to sunday's bahrain grand prix .
cook has received funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici .
celtic moved eight points clear at the top of the scottish premiership .
obama also gave a special mention to triple-world champion shelly-ann fraser-pryce and bolt while speaking during town hall meeting .
unfortunately, adebayor has not managed to rediscover his early form and has been reduced to a bit-part player in mauricio pochettino's plans .
thierry henry believes laurent blanc should not have played the brazilian .
to describe the win .
jurgen klopp confirms he will leave borussia dortmund in the summer .
striker says that new manager tim sherwood has given him freedom .
they are already playing their next two home games in an empty stadium .
former glazer family spokesman tehsin nayani is releasing a book .
coleman rode the seventh fence faller stan six years ago .
the wales forward was sent off for an attack on lance hohaia .
burnley's danny ings and manchester united's james wilson up front .
they found three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog .
the £86m signing was verbally abused a month after his car was attacked .
however, jack wilshere looks set to return to the first-team squad shortly .
sakho is unlikely to be able to feature for west ham again this season .
allardyce believes his players will be better prepared next season .
italian has been linked with sporting director's job at palermo in italy .
click here for all the latest burnley news .
jese completes 3-0 victory with brilliant strike in the closing stages .
chelsea star oscar is being touted for a move to serie a side juventus .
click here for all the latest real madrid news .
the 32-year-old admits low periods during his early career spurred him on .
moeen says he has rectified problem and is ready to take on the mitchells .
but strauss says ongoing saga is too much of a 'distraction' strauss has been linked to ecb director of cricket role .
she called her a 'rando', insulted her appearance, and mocked her for 'bashing more successful ppl on twitter' echoes how mchenry told tow clerk: 'i'm on tv, you're in a f---ing trailer'
he says: 'give me your hands, you're not going out like this today'
video of incident was played during preliminary hearing in court on friday .
the band, doom, are a crust punk band formed in britain in 1987 .
'sighting' last night and a body - awaiting formal id - was found today .
they are expected to start their proper migration at rye pier in a few weeks .
clyne spotted at wwe event alongside wilfried zaha on monday night .
sterling has also recently been recorded on video inhaling nitrous oxide .
daryl janmaat will be given the role in the summer as his replacement .
manchester city face west ham at upton park on sunday .
and he will seek similar assurances should he join manchester city .
mourinho has since won trophies in portugal, england, italy and spain .
', crew thought they were human voices .
christian maggio earned a second-half red card but napoli grabbed victory .
meanwhile managers at agency were handed total of £1.8million in bonuses .
engineers are inspecting aircraft but no evidence at this stage of a problem .
jaguars are the fifth brood of mother and father agnes and rock .
ten per cent of models being recalled thought to be affected by problem .
city deem the liverpool and arsenal stars as realistic targets .
arsenal, chelsea and manchester city are keen on the liverpool star .
read: oscar wasn't good enough, says mourinho after chelsea beat stoke .
united are interested in paris saint-germain striker edinson cavani .
toure scored in manchester city's 2-1 defeat at selhurst park .
velez president confirmed arsenal have made a 'big offer' for the player .
adam melling and owen wright also succumbed to the huge surf break .
but it is a minor ankle issue that rules him out of the fa cup semi-final .
click here for all the latest burnley news .
arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-finals on saturday evening .
pacquiao takes on floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .
the williams driver sits 4th in the championship standings with 30 points .
the defending world champion spoke ahead of the bahrain grand prix .
jockey leighton aspell took his second consecutive national title after his 2014 win with pineau de re .
the 24-year-old has played just 14 games for club and country in past year .
west indies closed on 98 for two heading into the final day .
brooklyn nets beat the orlando magic 138-113 in the eastern conference .
aaron ramsey will be hoping to taste more fa cup success in the final .
david meyler suspended for tigers but tom huddlestone returns .
bertrand belives he should be higher up the england pecking order .
pacey winger el ouriachi, 19, has represented spain at youth level .
david de gea, diego costa, philippe coutinho and alexis sanchez complete six-man shortlist .
city have lost one more league game in 2015 than in the whole of last year .
celtic eight points clear from aberdeen at top of scottish premiership .
mourinho believes that some criticism towards pellegrini is overblown .
both sides are vying for second spot in scottish championship .
leeds have lost four out of their last five games in the championship .
napoli host hellas verona after impressing in europa league .
angel di maria and radamel falcao have struggled to make an impact .
smalling is confident of chasing down both them and leaders chelsea .
adebayor has one year left to run on his current deal at white hart lane .
officials say the deaths are due to a plummet in the water temperature .
liverpool host newcastle at anfield on monday night .
click here for all the latest liverpool news .
the youngster could make a return against newcastle on monday .
but the now-liverpool striker benefited more from city losing derby .
kimi raikkonen sees no reason why ferrari cannot challenge for the title .
event was a reception for football fighting ebola charity .
read: pacquiao reveals his colourful mouth guard ahead of his bout .
read: pacquiao thanks spike lee and tito mikey for their support .
city striker duggan uploaded the snap to instagram of her with van gaal .
ings also linked with manchester city, tottenham and real sociedad .
manchester city now sit fourth in the league 12 points adrift of chelsea .
on 36 points, the baggies are currently eight clear of the relegation zone .
but the kop faithful won't mind him coming back to england with new club .
the magpies went on to lose the game 2-0 at anfield .
sergio aguero scored twice, but his teammates were not up to his level .
lifelong boro fan gibson believes the squad has what it takes to secure a return to the big time .
watford climbed to third, one point off top spot in the championship .
his £220,000-a-week deal will cause stumbling block to potential move .
former city player hamann believes he would be a good fit at the club .
but neville insists pellegrini should be given time to turn things around .
the internet soon filled with memes at the brazilian's expense .
roberto martinez says he could not ease lukaku in even if he wanted to .
everton have identified targets for the summer, including tom cleverley .
van gaal endured tough start to the season with a loss at home to swansea on the opening day and a 4-0 defeat by mk dons .
marouane fellaini continues his rebirth in the last few weeks .
but andrew flintoff thinks time is running out for him to resurrect career .
gary neville: man united can beat anyone at the moment .
ashley young, juan mata and marouane fellaini have all been revived .
patrick vieira is believed to be willing to step in as interim manager .
mark butcher recalls jimmy's test debut at lord’s back in 2003 .
pietersen hit an aggressive 170 for surrey against oxford mccu .
england begin their first test with the west indies in antigua on monday .
the fa cup semi-final defeat to aston villa was their first since 1990 .
her attorneys filed motion to prevent da from showing clip during hearing .
he now has a six-game farewell tour of uninspiring matches to play .
oldham council say new site is not due to be ready for growing until may .
tragedy comes five months after australia batsman phillip hughes died .
premier league stars enjoyed meal at italian restaurant san carlo .
mr hart has apologised after he was  sacked from non-league clitheroe fc .
the 27 year old has had each of his hat-trick balls signed by team-mates .
united are third in the premier league after an impressive recent run .
eriksen played the full game as spurs lost to aston villa on saturday .
wilshere is hoping to appear in the fa cup semi-final against reading .
the case against koppenhaver, who faces 26 charges, resumes in autumn .
police say the killings are not linked to any football rivalry .
mayweather preparing for $300m mega-fight against manny pacquiao .
manuel pellegrini's future as city boss is also in doubt .
police confirmed an arrest has yet to be made after the incident .
the worrying photos come from the iraqi province of nineveh .
'previous applicants need not apply (no exs)' the advertisement says .
but, she said shelters turn the family away while she looks for place to live .
he was booked into alachua county jail and held on a $150,000 bond .
a comment on instagram, believed to be from rihanna, claims it was a joint .
blamed leak at local petrol station, but owner has denied he is to blame .
hazel the bulldog is featured in a number of videos on youtube .
he also praised tammy abraham, charly musonda and charlie colkett .
dominic solanke scored chelsea's other and hailed 'amazing achievement' solanke also finished as tournament top scorer, netting his 12th in final .
christian benteke and fabian delph starred as villains booked final place .
guardiola now has even more power and could stay at bayern for a long time .
pep guardiola has denied there was a dispute and has taken responsibility for bayern munich's champions league loss .
froch is turning his attention a first appearance in las vegas .
sportsmail understands an announcement could be made on friday .
read: manchester united consider edinson cavani transfer .
real monitored the likes of gareth bale and isco before completing deals .
the self-made millionaire is reportedly worth $975 million .
luka modric is also missing for real and could be out for six weeks .
wilcox has backed the new facilities at the etihad campus deliver that aim .
mr hart has been sacked from non-league clitheroe fc in lancashire .
podolski insists he wants to fight for his place in north london .
he outlined his plans to fight floyd mayweather or manny pacquiao .
roach says pacquiao is in the best shape of his life ahead of fight .
read: why it won't be too long until mcilroy wins the masters .
many asked whether it was a dig at former fiancee rory mcilroy .
saracens lock maro itoje has signed a new long-term deal at the club .
pietersen signed for surrey hoping to score enough runs to regain place .
fans believe it is unfair for television broadcasters to dictate timings when they are offering scottish football a fraction of the billions paid in england .
england play the republic of ireland and slovenia in june .
notts county's jess clarke has also made the shortlist .
virgil van dijk scored celtic's opener with a superb free-kick .
watford boss slavisa jokanovic is not looking beyond birmingham clash .
saints boss ronald koeman admits it will be difficult to keep him .
club president massimo cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events .
indicating it will take the manchester club 20 years to eclipse liverpool .
tottenham will resist all summer offers for rose .
the first half largely passed gerrard by at wembley .
arsenal went onto win the semi-final 2-1 after the goalkeeper's error .
read: alexis sanchez would grace the great arsenal teams .
the championship club are on the verge of dropping into league one .
sam twiston-davies rode saphir du rheu to win the betfred mildmay novices' chase with ease .
click here for our 2015 grand national sweepstake .
the second leg takes place at the nou camp on april 21 .
messi said he is happy and 'back to my best' after poor 2014 .
he has been trying to sell the club since last may in £150m deal .
derby loss to man united has increased the pressure on manuel pellegrini .
redknapp claims the small minority of fans spoil it for the rest .
pep guardiola's side have looked untroubled by their absence .
they also face reading this saturday in semi-finals of fa cup .
arsenal have won 16 of their last 18 games in all competitions .
germany under 21 international says he is feeling 'better and better' read: arsenal have doubts over signing liverpool star raheem sterling .
recalling the likes of danny cipriani is a step in the right direction .
the sharks replied with tries from tom arscott (two) and mike haley .
read: sterling pictured smoking shisha pipe as star courts controversy .
click here for all the latest newcastle news .
sturridge is bidding to return to form following a lengthy injury spell .
no city showdown has been played more time in recent years .
liverpool boss brendan rodgers: we can still finish in the top four .
president massimo ferrero said balotelli is not hungry anymore .
wayne rooney says fellaini is one of the best in world football .
he believes kurt zouma will play in midfield to combat marouane fellaini .
but benik afobe equalised on 50 minutes with close-range volley .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley stadium .
but, poor recent form has seen them tamely drop away from the pace .
the latter can close gap with rusty nail and taylor at exeter on tuesday .
lyon are level on points with champions psg who have a game in hand .
the mega-fight with mayweather jnr is now less than a month away .
read: muhammad ali hopes pacquiao beats mayweather .
the 39-year-old was speaking in an interview with forever sports .
southampton sit in fifth place five points behind manchester city .
man city players feel the derby day cold .
chelsea (1.56) are second in the premier league in an alternative table .
his father says he was also the victim of police brutality during raid .
she trained throughout her pregnancy with her first child, son cornelis .
louis van gaal appears to have turned united's fortunes round this year .
hearn then hit back at frampton on twitter .
vincenzo montella had no complaints as his side paid dearly for misses .
atletico madrid face real madrid in their champions league quarter-final .
to date, the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900,000 times with many viewers giving it a big thumbs up .
she says she likes to drink coffee before playing the air bongos so she can give it her all .
u.s.
united keen to bring in talented younger players to boost squad numbers ahead of next season's uefa under-19 youth league competition .
argentine boss would be perfect for the premier league, but clubs are wary of his style of management .
italian decides to keep himself out of the team and selects iker casillas .
diego simeone's men have won four of their seven meetings this season .
derby will make formal contact with real madrid if mcclaren leaves .
manchester city want more young english players and are arsenal's biggest threat .
giggs is currently louis van gaal's assistant at manchester united .
the now-34-year-old retired at the age of 22 in february 2003 citing injuries .
arsenal are the current holders of the competition and keen to retain it .
read: theo walcott will open arsenal talks in next fortnight .
atletico have a history of buying great strikers after selling their forwards .
read: mario mandzukic the new diego costa for atletico madrid?
fifa 16 is set to be released by ea sports later this year .
fc rostov have won four games in a row to move up to 10th in the table .
blomqvist now lectures with his brother to help people handle setbacks .
psychics speculate that she is 'jewish' and possibly a holocaust victim .
ibrahimovic is back in action after missing the first leg through suspension .
some bags appeared to be heavy or wrapped as though they were fragile .
it is said to be worth £420,000 .
glitzy event was attended by benedict cumberbatch and henry cavill .
also boasts a forest of eerie white gowns, a glowing bar in martin place and will light up sails of the opera house .
swell experts declared it is impossible for waves could reach the harbour .
officers say she had not realized her child was dead .
campbell, 40, sold his £20million london townhouse earlier this year .
men were in canada playing a hockey tournament with canadian forces .
due to extreme poverty, the streets of puerto rico are overwrought with thousands of abandoned dogs .
mr hart has apologised after he was  sacked from non-league clitheroe fc .
the shrimpers are behind third-placed wycombe only on goal difference .
click here for all the latest liverpool news .
costa returns to first-team training this week to boost jose mourinho .
mcdowell finished in a tie for 52nd on six over par .
click here for all the latest news and reaction following the masters .
john gosden’s faydhan is the key horse entered in the free handicap .
saint are finished second while monbeg dude made up the top three .
clermont will fear jacques burger after his performance last year .
click here for all the latest rugby unions news .
fitzpatrick was capped seven times by his country .
goode tweeted: 'bad values from @christianwade3 agreeing to come to a charity event for @hambofoundation then saying he's too tired'
they won national club championship match by 500 runs .
and selectors must decide whether to freshen things up for second match .
surrey reach 363 for three at stumps on day one against glamorgan .
marco fu leads jimmy robertson 5-4 after break of 66 in final frame .
emmanuel ledesma scored from the spot before alex iwobi equalised .
mata congratulates chelsea as they close in on premier league title .
click here for all the latest hull news .
esteban cambiasso has been superb for the foxes this season .
thousands of supporters boycotted the last defeat by spurs on sunday .
the 53-year-old has made a blistering start in charge of crystal palace .
connor wickham scored a late consolation for the home side, who remain just three points clear of safety .
monk's swansea side are currently eighth in the premier league table .
alli wants to help get mk dons promoted to the championship .
the 60-year-old businessman will face questions over his 41 south african tax law convictions and previous ibrox involvement .
general manager andy walsh describes new stadium as a 'statement of what football supporters can achieve'
sir alex ferguson used to invite the owners into the home dressing room .
steve mcclaren has already been tipped as a replacement for carver .
click here for all the latest west ham news .
share of the points in london leaves charlton in 11th and fulham in 20th .
portsmouth fielded most experienced xi to play in the premier league .
brook wants to return to action at the o2 in london on may 30 .
read: floyd mayweather admits he no longer enjoys boxing' click here to watch pacquiao's open media workout live .
but the keeper was simply showing respect to an opponent .
click here for all the latest chelsea news .
21-year-old has opened contract talks with the blues over a new deal .
click here for all the latest arsenal news .
diego simeone's men were held to a goalless draw by their neighbours .
read: mayweather vs  pacquiao referee to earn $10,000 (£6,800) on may 2 .
the fight will be worth at least $300m, the richest in boxing history .
read: mayweather vs pacquiao referee to earn $10,000 (£6,800) on may 2 .
mayweather is training hard for his mega fight with manny pacquiao .
the 26-year-old wants to be playing regularly under arsene wenger .
mario mandzukic looks to be a suitable replacement for diego costa .
read: atletico ace mario suarez says referee mazic was 'very bad'
raphael varane, daniel carvajal and sergio ramos tussled with striker .
oblak produced an impressive display in the game at the vicente calderon .
jamie vardy struck late to give leicester a vital 3-2 win at west brom .
cantona: man utd will be in title race next season under louis van gaal .
pastore is the most creative player in the world according to cantona .
gary neville: louis van gaal has worked wonders with wayne rooney .
matt ritchie looked to have sealed the win for the cherries late on .
howe also believes the owls defender deserved to see red for the foul .
blanc admits progressing against barcelona is 'practically impossible' read: egotistic ibrahimovic will believe barcelona will be in awe of him .
ricardo quaresma was the star man during victory at the dragao stadium .
slovakian midfielder added his second and napoli's third in second half .
his side face crunch clash with manchester united on saturday .
premier league clubs on alert after the shock news from germany .
dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
rooms contain real madrid-crested pillows, en suite and personalised tv .
mata punished weak city defending to add a breakaway third in the 66th .
jose mourinho admits that commercial deals do play a part at chelsea .
click here for all the latest newcastle united news .
it has six different branches across pakistan .
pakistan will have the chance to level the three-match series on sunday .
he was then on hand when ukuma ta'ai off-loaded kick from danny brough .
blanc says barca have 'incredible talent' but his side have nothing to lose .
said he suffered broken bones and ribs as well as breathing problems .
kalgoorlie gold mine and margaret river impressed in the country's west .
hearn insists 'there will be no options, no rematch clause'
lee insists he is ready for whatever 'kid chocolate' can throw at him .
virgil van dijk scored a stunning free-kick in the second-half .
stingrays are potentially deadly animals due to their dangerous barbs .
abidal speaking at the launch of the eric abidal foundation in catalonia .
but muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over burnley last weekend .
welbeck wants to be a striker, but says playing on the wing is easier in a front three than when part of a midfield four .
jose mourinho's side host man united at stamford bridge on saturday .
adrian lewis crushed bunting as he lost twice in aberdeen .
in the memorial booklet at the funeral, benaud's family described him as 'a special person who means so much to each of us in many different ways' click here to watch 10 of richie benaud's finest moments .
harry kane topped off a relatively quiet game with a runaway goal after regular time was up .
click here for the player ratings from the etihad stadium after jesus navas steals the show .
gareth bale and luka modric go off injured for real madrid .
celtic wrote to the sfa asking why why no penalty or red card followed .
national team-mate mignolet has been giving origi advice about the city .
but louis van gaal has steadied the ship this season .
an autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death .
vehicle was surrounded by other cars at busy terminal car park .
‘it is something i would want to be aware of so i posted it on my page' the discovery was made in a popular dog walking park, near schools .
italian boss told him life would be a lot easier if atletico weren't around .
sapp took pictures of them in bed 'because i'm silly like that sometimes' alternated between laughing and crying after going to jail was mentioned .
were you one of the passengers on the ryanair flight?
pair repeatedly began to swerve as the mercedes tried to get past .
but he was heckled by a factory worker who said the 'nhs is dying'
older dog then uses its paw to push the puppy onto the bed .
extra legs won't be removed as farmer wants kid to grow up naturally .
defender virgil van dijk wants to wrap up the league as soon as possible .
read: arsenal have doubts over signing sterling after latest controversies .
arsenal and everton are also keen on signing milner in summer .
cavani's agent has talked up a move to england or spain this summer .
the dutch ace worked under louis van gaal at the 2014 world cup .
louis van gaal hopes to sign two strikers when the transfer window opens .
chelsea have signed a £200m sponsorship deal with yokohama rubber .
mrs shahzad, 32, pleaded guilty to causing mr bell's death and received a suspended sentence .
nigel reo-coker played 76 minutes before he was replaced .
the 30-year-old has made over 200 league appearances for the reds .
read: liverpool set for summer overhaul with ten kop stars on way out .
clubs have until thursday to respond to fa charges .
mayweather vs pacquiao: the ultimate tale of the tape for $300m fight .
but brock james struck a  72nd penalty to seal the win .
clermont crushed northampton 37-5 in the quarter-finals .
team bus was targeted by gunmen in lahore, and eight people were killed .
paul pierce led the scoring with 20 points for the wizards .
both deals are due to expire in 2017 .
meanwhile, joe cole has backed villa to beat arsenal and win the fa cup .
click here for all the latest liverpool news .
they then moved onto kings street in west london for further barbarity .
sunderland are without a game this weekend before they travel to stoke .
sunderland are three points clear of the premier league relegation zone .
portugal international was once linked with a move to manchester united .
pochettino is convinced 21-year-old england hitman can improve further .
click here for all the latest aston villa news .
click here for all the latest real madrid news .
odegaard trains with first team and is not a cohesive part of castilla side .
martin odegaard took part in the first-team session with carlo ancelotti .
sherwood admitted that he just pipped pye to the post for the hotseat .
the german defender will not allow complacency to creep in however .
per mertesacker says he would like to see klopp in the premier league .
arsenal were given a torrid time by sheffield united back in 2003 .
chelsea face resurgent manchester united in premier league on saturday .
and marvin hagler claims his behaviour does not befit a world champion .
click here for all the latest manchester united news .
read: gareth bale won't be sold to man united, insists zinedine zidane .
league leader michael van gerwen romped to a 7-4 win over james wade .
the dutch duo visited manchester united's old trafford on wednesday .
brendan rodgers said he will remind his player about his responsibilities .
jonathan trott fell for a duck on his return to the england team .
he has turned to predecessors alan pardew and alan shearer for advice .
sunderland fans fly a banner to mock newcastle after the recent derby .
manuel pellegrini's side have moved to within one point of rivals united .
but he still won the europa league with the blues and they are thankful .
west ham travel to the etihad hoping to replicate october's victory .
manager jose mourinho said that the end result was the most important thing .
french striker karim benzema will miss the game after picking up a knee injury against atletico madrid .
gregory van der wiel's deflected effort gives psg some hope ahead of the second leg on april 21st .
click here for all the latest barcelona news .
suarez admits he was timid at the thought of playing alongside neymar .
click here for all the latest barcelona news .
monaco vice-president vadim vasilyev claims club could still sign falcao .
dimitar berbatov: champions league semi-final is within monaco's reach .
wenger felt federici kept reading in the game with numerous top saves .
liverpool will resume talks with raheem sterling at the end of the season .
napoli face wolfsburg in europa league quarter-finals on thursday .
mourinho: i have a problem, i am getting better and better .
read: jordon ibe on the verge of signing new liverpool contract .
real madrid coach carlo ancelotti has told isco to be more defensive .
bayern release statement on friday thanking muller-wohlfahrt for his services and saying they 'regret' his decision .
read: liverpool set for summer overhaul with ten kop stars on  way out .
diego simeone says mandzukic should be fit for wednesday's second leg .
his cousin roxy de la rosa posted the hilarious pictures on reddit .
he has raised over £250,000 for research into a cure through his campaign .
the future of both sunderland and their star player hang in the balance .
inverness reached the scottish cup final with 3-2 win over celtic .
boss says he is not surprised his players want champions league football .
knight ordered to make a public apology following facebook comments .
liverpool take on aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday .
real madrid and barcelona both in the champions league semi-finals .
cristiano ronaldo set up hernandez's goal for real madrid on wednesday .
chelsea boss impressed with zouma's form during first season at the club .
inverness reached the scottish cup final with 3-2 win over celtic .
sheffield united beat chelsea 3-0 but there was no parade for the victory .
he admits that an in-form arsenal will pose a tough test for chelsea .
acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never seen anything like it .
he loved sports but can't play any more, now trying out sportscasting .
karo claimed to be kunis's 'childhood friend from ukraine' and is suing her for $5,000 .
lloyd refused to comment on the story, saying she no longer wished to speak about her son's murder .
after the confrontation, the victims and attackers walk onto the same train .
10 deputies placed on leave pending an internal probe .
fit for a mogul, the house is  owned by strip club owner sam cecola .
two men died at the scene and the other was seriously injured .
girl is in hospital and the extent of her injuries from the attack not known .
jordan henderson 'over the moon' after signing new  liverpool contract .
both sides have ambitions of qualifying for european competition next term .
dossena was accused of shoplifting in harrods store in knightsbridge .
west ham have revived interest in sampdoria midfielder pedro obiang .
read: martin skrtel rejects talk linking him with a move away from anfield .
carragher received a beacon award for his community work on tuesday .
peta director said videos like this 'often inspire ill-informed people to obtain monkeys as pets' and wild futures spokesperson said the clip is 'really very sad'
psg owner says 'the question of his departure has not arisen'
teenage son rode quad bikes and got asbo for terrorising local children .
but koeman slams talk wanyama wants to leave for arsenal as 'bulls***' saints still have a chance of securing european football for next season .
click here for the latest manchester united news .
click here for the latest queens park rangers news .
van dijk was sent off against inter milan in the last 32 of the champions league in february .
les ferdinand believes he is the man for the job, according to ramsey .
gutierrez will be in newcastle's squad to face swansea on saturday .
insists he will be a warrior in fight and will look to win each round .
sebastian vettel had problems throughout the day, and his car was clipped by sergio perez in fp2, ripping off his front-wing endplate on the left side .
he is likely to target french 2,000 guineas rather than british equivalent .
earlier in week it was confirmed dettori would concentrate in british racing .
that means all blacks ace cruden will miss this summer's world cup .
mark wood, who is in the caribbean, could offer a new element .
replays showed opener devon smith clearly missed the ball when he was dismissed by jordan .
no doubt about james anderson's bowling of kraigg brathwaite .
memphis grizzlies defeated portland trail blazers 100-86 on sunday night .
meanwhile, john higgins impressed with a 10-5 victory over robert milkins .
england international is friends with rockers miles kane and alex turner .
graziano pelle made it 2-0 in the 81st minute as the italian ended his four-month wait for a premier league goal .
koeman is also keen on signing his team-mate jordy claise .
saints now sit sixth in the premier league with stoke city back in ninth position ahead of west ham united .
smith hails mccall impact and opens up about ally mccoist's departure .
league leaders face espanyol at the estadi cornella-el prat this saturday .
they host premier league leaders chelsea on sunday at 4pm .
the midfielder would prefer a move back to forest if villa doesn't wok out .
they are already relegated from the championship .
real madrid beat malaga 3-1 to keep up the pressure on leaders barcelona .
the midfielder could now miss the league game with valencia this weekend .
chelsea's back room staff were ranked second-worst in the figures .
welsh midfielder joe allen then scored his first goal at anfield to put liverpool 2-0 up after 70 minutes .
pietersen has returned to surrey to fight for his england place .
read: bale desperate to stay and win over real madrid support .
click here to read neil ashton's match report from stade louis ii .
read: thierry henry hits out at hernandez for celebrating late winner .
dordecht are on the verge of relegation after 3-0 loss to vitesse arnhem .
mauro icardi misses late chance to win the game for inter as game ends goalless .
manager klopp announced on wednesday that he will leave in the summer .
thierry henry, graeme souness and jamie redknapp analysed at half-time .
wayne rooney's midfield role blunted his influence .
former newcastle forward say the club took the mick out of him .
football supporters have now met the £20,000 target .
hazard has been instrumental for table-toppers chelsea this campaign .
thiago alcantara pulls bundesliga champions back into the tie with 28th minute strike .
jos buttler also did well with the bat, an unbeaten 59 off 56 balls .
hugo lloris and kyle walker are out, while jan vertonghen is a doubt .
carles gil also set to miss out for aston villa but aly cissokho could return .
arsenal travel to burnley for late saturday kick-off .
villa boss claims levy wanted him to stay at spurs last season .
court officials said he shot himself outside his car while not in custody .
usf associate professor erin kimmerle said the project could help investigators solve cold cases and other crimes .
plancarte, who has three pet tigers, posts pictures of her 'bling' life online .
his family are deep in poverty and can't afford even basic medical care .
but despite thousands of calls for her to be fired, she returns this week .
however the worker, stephanie diaz, said caldwell called her a 'dog'
they saved up for their travels, which they share on their website, while working in english restaurants .
now weighs 15st  4lbs and and is training for a half marathon .
f1 driver jenson button is £1m behind rooney in third place .
stuart broad finally dismissed bravo but the west indian batsmen continued to pile on the runs .
jill saward, the first rape victim in england to waive her anonymity, has hit out at premier league outfit sunderland .
louis van gaal admitted on friday that the club have offered him 'a lot'
arsenal were also linked with a move for the 24-year-old midfielder .
the study, carried out in germany, .
shaun andrew mckerry, 31, had been arrested 80 times by the age of 15 .
olivier ntcham pulled a goal back for patrick vieira's side but they lost out .
he said: 'if it was easy, you wouldn't lose 3-1 at home to monaco'
wenger says signing hazard was not financially viable for arsenal .
the 23-year-old worked with city boss manuel pellegrini at malaga .
click here for all the latest tottenham news .
read: jose mourinho deep down admires what wenger has established .
mourinho: cesc fabregas chose chelsea over arsenal to win trophies .
juventus are playing their first champions league semi-finals since 2003 .
click here for the uefa champions league draw .
leonard humiliated his opponent until he said 'no mas' - no more .
between 500 and 1000 tickets for the may 2 mega-fight were snapped up in seconds when they went on sale on thursday night .
warsaw will play host to the europa league final on may 27 .
pair kissed and made up as they made way in for lunch during the west indies' second innings .
but klopp  is only concerned with remainder of dortmund's campaign .
sterling insists contract criticism 'goes in one ear and out the other' click here for all the latest liverpool news .
leyton orient, notts county and colchester can go down in league one .
gay is the joint-second fastest man of all time, behind bolt .
juventus' defence is reason for hope, but andrea pirlo is past his peak .
wenger: arsenal fans should give fabregas a good welcome .
sam burgess will feature for england at tournament, says cheika .
carver believes such pundits do not know the ins and outs of management .
click here for all the latest manchester united news .
a google images search revealed that person to be fellaini's twin brother .
the dutch ace worked under louis van gaal at the 2014 world cup .
the american takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .
brad guzan also revealed the contents of his dressing room message .
javier hernandez scored the winner for real  with his first champions league goal for 895 days .
blackburn are currently ninth after a strong finish to the season .
he is partial to buying the odd super car and also owns a private jet .
the mgm grand has a capacity of 16,500 but most of the tickets will be split between mayweather and pacquiao's camps and the tv broadcasters .
cocu did, however, concede the premier league is 'great' click here for all you need to know about depay .
click here to see who bayern  face in the champions league semi finals .
champions league final to be played at berlin's olympic stadium, june 6 .
hernandez is wanted by a host of premier league and european clubs .
manchester united face trip to everton in the premier league this sunday .
football league player of the year awards given out on sunday .
luis enrique's side hold a 3-1 advantage from the quarter-final first leg .
it was said to have come five years late, much like mayweather v pacquiao .
it was a fight which astonished  the satellite world on october 30, 1974 .
smokin' joe was two-belt champion bizarrely backed by conservatives .
it pits the two pound-for-pound boxers in the world against each other .
mourinho has never lost to arsenal manager arsene wenger .
inverness reached the scottish cup final with 3-2 win over celtic .
arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away kit .
united are likely to be without michael carrick, phil jones, marcos rojo and daley blind for the trip to merseyside .
they sit second going into the final weekend, behind barnet .
arsenal vs chelsea team news, probable line ups and more .
arsenal are also interested in the defender as man city join chase .
the striker, who will have one year left on his contract, would cost £7m .
umpired ejected a total of five players after the scrap at chicago's stadium .
overseas-based players with over 60 caps now available for selection .
juve have endured 12 years of struggles since reaching final in 2003 .
social media went into a frenzy following the exchange .
an image of ms gordon-smith released in the hopes of finding her quickly .
allyson pollock wants to see an end to tackling and scrums in the game .
just days after its launch the handset was shown to be easily bent .
mouse is intended for serious gamers and is on sale for $50 (£34)
free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes .
shoppers could buy five of the new apple watch sports for less cash .
falcon 9 today reach the iss with supplies for the astronauts onboard .
read: chelsea fans storm emirates stadium and turn arsenal sign blue .
based on actual incident in 2009 when u.s. airways airbus a320 made successful landing in hudson river with no casualties .
she filed a complaint with the federal aviation administration .
the uae, china, russia and czech republic all pay less than the uk .
the terrifying incident occurred on the slopes in revelstoke, canada .
ecb are running out of time to clinch a t20 blast terrestrial highlights deal .
read: johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child .
spain star started his career up front, and even fools around in goal .
read: barcelona vs real madrid is the dream champions league final .
belgian star's chelsea face arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday .
has maintained she still loves him and will always stand by him .
the dog is being fed a special diet to help him gain weight .
she bashed her head on the doorway, leaving her with a black eye .
and hamilton could do worse than learn a few things from the great scot .
hamilton has out-qualified and finished ahead of rosberg at every race .
team-mate is harrison newey, son of red bull designer adrian .
this comes only a day before thousands are set to gather to    commemorate anzac day's centenary at the brisbane landmark .
fox is released back into the wild and heads off home to its mother .
frankie is an academy player with dagenham and redbridge football club .
it is believed the previous record holder was a 2.1cm egg laid in somerset .
animals have been stranded by the floods with one horse rescued from drowning by a woman in a tin boat .
the 35-year-old shared an image of himself training in hyde park .
while he would like to harness radamel falcao's predatory instincts .
alastair cook's sacking shows we are painfully slow to react problems .
greg dyke and david gill are still at odds over homegrown players .
click here to see who suarez will face in the champions league .
read: johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child .
read: johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child .
27-year-old has made three appearances for sunderland since his arrest .
then he'll compete with cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi, says scholes .
jennings insists he is not intimated by his opponent's record .
the ukrainian hopes to face deontay wilder in a unification clash .
mccoy was the first man to ride 4,000 winners .
click here to read sportsmail's ipl preview ahead of the tournament .
the programme and interview will be aired on saturday night from 7pm .
psg face marseille in an important clash at the top of ligue 1 on sunday .
the filipino champion takes on floyd mayweather jr on may 2 .
her agent has said the wwe performance was a one-off occasion .
read: manchester city will miss toure when he decides to leave .
read: bacary sagna insists he does not regret leaving arsenal .
he says there has been no contact between him and the club or the player .
click here to read all you need to know about dybala .
a swap deal involving united keeper david de gea has been mooted .
but he has not spoken to manchester united about a move for his client .
the 31-year-old could be sold by city as they look to reshape their squad .
if the gunners do not make their move early, they could be beaten to him .
frank lampard will leave in summer and james milner's future is uncertain .
transfer talk intensified when tevez replicated famous boca celebration .
striker says 'there is too much talk about my future but i will remain here'
midfielder has scored 16 goals in all competitions for psv this term .
his current deal at stamford bridge expires next summer .
man city, man united and chelsea are monitoring sterling's situation .
see where cristiano ronaldo and bale unwind after madrid training .
clubs from across europe are monitoring bentaleb's situation .
the flooding caused a partial closure of the airport train line .
he was slammed for rape jokes and dubious dating advice given to men .
defeated chameleon wriggles free and then tries to escape along a wall .
6ft 4ins forward is valued at £7million by blackburn rovers .
the club sought 'to understand' how steven mclean and his assistants failed to act on the meekings incident .
on thursday, the inverness defender was cleared to play in the scottish cup final against falkirk on may 30 .
the ex-saints boss quit in the summer to take charge of tottenham .
three regular-season nfl games will be played in london this year .
grealish has hit the headlines after impressing for the midlands side .
pochettino blooded the likes of calum chambers and james ward-prowse while at southampton, and has done the same with harry kane at spurs .
the case was dismissed in court in february after a lack of co-operation from the accuser .
seattle seahawks vs green bay packers rematch set for week two .
the former american football pro was also found guilty on firearm and ammunition charges .
bennett also denied he asked for a trade to the atlanta falcons .
he has also been honoured for his work in the community and won the 2014 walter payton man of the year award .
legarrette blount was in the vehicle with bell and he was banned for the first game of the season earlier this week .
man who called police said someone aimed at him before firing gun in air .
thomas, a former college basketball player, was inspired to become an official in the 1990s when she attended a meeting with her brother .
i’m being honest,' said the 26-year-old running back .
the vikings have repeatedly said they want to keep the 30-year-old, who is due to earn $12.75m this year .
she has also spent time in the nfl's developmental program for officials .
obada will give up his job in a welwyn garden city factory and head to rookie mini-camp in texas in may .
read: mayweather vs pacquiao tickets sell out within 60 seconds .
abae chief mark abberley called decision 'completely understandable'
read: ricky hatton gives his prediction to jeff powell ahead of the fight .
jacare souza beat late replacement chris camozzi in the first round .
rousey's focus in on ufc title defense against bethe correia on august 1 .
click here for all the latest ufc news .
he grabbed aldo's belt when the pair came face-to-face in dublin .
ufc is keen to banish the sport of peds after high-profile failed tests from the likes of anderson silva, nick diaz and hector lombard .
julianna pena and dustin poirier won their fights in the first round .
mendes sees aldo taking july 11's title fight with conor mcgregor .
the double masters champion finished 38th in augusta this year .
the american cruised to the top of the leaderboard on 12 under overall .
the american finished 38th at augusta national .
read: it won't be too long before mcilroy wins a masters .
the spaniard admitted it was a 'very sad day' following the defeat .
the rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies in tennis .
but team principal maurizio arrivabene says he is happy with driver line-up .
bernie ecclestone confirms f1 will make its bow in azerbaijan next season .
rosberg and his wife vivian are expecting their first child in august .
the brit qualified four tenths faster than vettel and six faster than rosberg .
the horse landed the group three prix djebel by a head last start .
but, the 19-time champion is hoping to secure himself further mounts .
matt giteau has starred for toulon in recent seasons .
lancaster must name his 31-man world cup squad before august 31 .
george smith (lyon) is another wallaby currently playing overseas .
harlequins director of rugby conor o'shea has insisted that he does not blame the england set-up for brown's injury .
west indies bowler shannon gabriel hit 94.3mph on thursday .
root's half-century gave him an england record-equalling sixth test score of 50 or more - no-one has seven .
cook (37) and jonathan trott (32) were not out at stumps after day two .
the 28-year-old was due to join yorkshire at the end of may .
he claimed a similar exchange with james anderson helped him do the same to england back in 2012 .
houston rockets move 3-0 ahead on dallas mavericks with 130-128 win .
german doctor muller-wohlfahrt has previously worked with ronaldo .
rasch said froome was 'banged up' but expects to ride tour de romandie .
the 39-year-old was forced to change his shoes on tuesday .
nba coaches mike budenholzer and gregg popovich will be in attendance .
houston rockets take 2-0 lead over dallas mavericks with 111-99 win .
he then started to giggle along with his first-round opponent mark davis .
klay thompson and stephen curry both starred for the warriors .
he hopes to  become a multiple winner of the sport's major crowns .
the gunners had the chance to re-sign fabregas but he went to chelsea .
the 28-year-old will be hoping to return against manchester city .
the 1-0 defeat by everton last time out has left burnley bottom of the premier league table with 26 points from 33 games .
aaron lennon has been linked with a swap dealing involving mirallas .
lukaku reveals 'heavenly' feeling of playing alongside arouna kone .
bruce wanted 10 wins at the start of the season, but hull have just six .
jordan henderson hopes raheem sterling commits his future to the reds .
begovic has attracted top suitors including spanish giants real madrid .
craig gardner scored to help west brom win at crystal palace .
andlercht's aleksandar mitrovic, club brugge's obbi oulare and marseille's andre ayew are also on swansea's summer wish-list .
click here for all the west brom vs liverpool team news .
click here for all the latest west brom news .
sam allardyce says filing the stadium is most important thing for a club .
former striker chris sutton feels more should be done to hold officials to account over poor decisions .
a call to ban meekings from the final will be contested by inverness .
click here for all the latest celtic news .
the hoops have written the sfa for an 'understanding' of the decision .
rangers boss says he is still trying to build the squad for next year .
but brown says that celtic's complaints about the incident are 'sour grapes'
alex oxlade-chamberlain and mikel arteta are set to miss out on the game .
click here for the latest tottenham hotspur news .
borussia monchengladbach set for champions league football next year .
the two spanish giants have never met in the champions league final .
mayweather often calls the owner for a session in the early hours .
but pacquiao says he is not materialistic and fights to please the fans .
but he admitted he no longer enjoys the sport and will retire this year .
manny pacquiao is also understood to be within the 30-day stipulation .
read: ufc icon ronda rousey backs pacquiao as fast and furious 7 star visits filipino ahead of mayweather fight .
it is now less than a month before boxing duo meet in las vegas .
dejan lovren set to replace suspended martin skrtel in defence .
danny rose and roberto soldado also fitness concerns for spurs .
the dortmund manager will leave the club at the end of this campaign .
they must go to the olympic stadium with more than survival as the aim .
just one football league club, bradford, is in an independent constituency .
fans booed heavily when the final whistle was blown at craven cottage .
swansea are unbeaten in their three premier league visits to newcastle .
read: we've seen enough of tiger at augusta not to give up on him yet .
read: barcelona vs real madrid is the dream champions league final .
seluk said toure is a club legend and money isn't their motivation .
read: arsenal will help abou diaby get back on track, even if he leaves .
barcelona are fourth, but real madrid are down in 18th place .
the 26-year-old has spoken highly about the quality of his arsenal team-mates and singled out fellow attacker santi carzola for particular praise .
bayern munich are five-time winners and last won at wembley in 2013 .
evra has urged team-mate paul pogba not to rush his return from injury .
a home office probe into 1989 disaster which claimed 96 lives is ongoing .
henderson 'over the moon' after agreeing to stay on merseyside .
in the 42 matches that bale has started, real's win record is 69 per cent .
thiago followed pep guardiola from barcelona to bayern munich .
hamburg are bayern's favourite opposition with 11 strikes against them .
gareth bale and de gea swap?
click here for the latest premier league news .
under the terms of the loan, united would have to pay £43.5m for striker .
the 24-year-old is surplus to requirements and will be sold in summer .
man utd also identify ilkay gundogan as replacement for michael carrick .
the royals face birmingham in the championship on wednesday night .
gianfranco zola and robin van persie both won the cup in their debut seasons in the premier league .
atletico madrid and real madrid also face drop from top group .
the former barcelona boss says winning is a matter of life and death .
read: luis enrique 'happy' to see pep guardiola prove doubters wrong .
campbell, 40, sold his £20million london townhouse earlier this year .
neymar has blend of cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi .
west ham chiefs 'categorically' state that it does not constitute state aid .
neymar and andres iniesta star men for barca in 2-0 win over psg .
graeme dott sees off ricky walden 10-8 .
phil mickelson dressed all in black for his pursuit of a fourth green jacket .
andy posted a tweet to his 2.98 million followers showing his plans .
there are 23 former premier league players still involved in latter stages .
clarence seedorf won with ajax, real madrid and twice with ac milan .
defender says team are still fired up and want to finish the season strongly .
sportsmail looks into the five key reasons behind his immediate success .
read: liverpool set for summer overhaul with ten kop stars on  way out .
joe root's celebrations come in for criticism, while alastair cook is still worrying about kevin pietersen's media coverage .
united are preparing to spend heavily in the summer transfer window .
stan collymore: liverpool should have patience with brendan rodgers .
read: liverpool launch bid to rival man utd for psv's memphis depay .
read: gerrard faces a miserable farewell tour with liverpool trophyless .
the anfield club will listen to offers for italian frontman mario balotelli .
khan is a hero of the muslim world and his lure in the middle east is clear .
mayweather has released a video with uncle roger about his gloves .
tim sherwood is getting the best out of tom cleverley .
united midfielder ander herrera was booked for simulation in the 95th minute after trying to win a penalty .
the belgian star has scored 17 goals for the blues this season .
jose mourinho said there would be outrage if it had been a chelsea player .
blues goalkeeper knows he will have to collect more crosses than usual .
yann kermorgant equalised with 21 minutes remaining .
falcao has scored just four goals for manchester united this season .
barcelona defeated chelsea and man utd on the way to rome victory .
manchester city are also committed to paying living wage .
sergio aguero: scoring at manchester united  gives me shivers .
clarets forward ashley barnes was sent off for a second bookable offence on the stroke of half-time .
leighton baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts this season .
click here for all the latest everton news .
prices have tripled in the re-sale market despite tickets not being released .
24-year-old striker has two years left on his current £50,000-a-week deal .
west ham are currently leading the table, while stoke occupy 17th place .
both have had their bans reduced by one match after appealing .
robson, training in florida, was pictured sitting in an ice bath on thursday .
the greek government have refused to back down with the proposed law .
read: ancelotti has a poor record against  simeone... but he must advance .
atletico madrid face real madrid in their champions league quarter-final .
both goals came during the first half as sean goss cancelled out leicester forward harry panayiotou's opener .
the saints will actively look to sell clyne in the summer if they cannot agree a new deal, because they don't want to lose him on a free transfer .
the west ham manager believes the mistake has haunted green ever since .
read: depay is like a young cristiano ronaldo, says ronald de boer .
ronaldo provided the assist for the on-loan striker to tap home late on .
he said on twitter: 'the pass can be just as important as the goal'
hatton believes amir khan could trouble mayweather more than pacquiao .
anthony joshua, lee selby and kevin mitchell will also be on the card .
pacquiao will attack mayweather and knock him out, according to roach .
amir khan: mayweather and pacquiao haven't heard of kell brook .
he takes on manny pacquiao on may 2 in their $300m mega-fight .
mayweather: i am better than muhammad ali and sugar ray robinson .
blackpool chairman send abusive messages to a fan before christmas .
the 25-year-old has one year left on contract and has £3.2m release clause .
the premier league champions, however, will not compromise on quality .
tottenham lie sixth in  premier league table ahead of trip to southampton .
bury beat portsmouth to secure record seven away wins in succession .
he won the coppa italia last season and has led napoli to brink of the europa league semi-finals this term .
mihajlovic has guided sampdoria to the brink of european qualification .
bryan habana raced away for a crucial try shortly afterwards .
bradford fan martin fletcher claims the fire may not have been an accident .
a new book claimed the tragic fire one one of nine at businesses linked to the then club chairman stafford heginbotham, who died in 1995 .
read: man city planning mega-bid to sign liverpool star sterling .
city players have been impressed with vieira's work with the youth team .
golf owner clive palmer sent his well wishes to the man after the attack .
on sunday mr tooth, who had been living in sydney, died in hospital .
but he held an event for likely rival o'malley days before video's release .
the duo hopes it will encourage people in the west to eat more insects .
i don’t think they ever will'
president widodo said he will not get involved in outstanding appeals .
before long it re-emerges with its hands and mouth full of snacks .
the brazil legend says the 2014 world cup performance was not expected .
today the town is seen as italy's most famous abandoned location .
a study co-author was used as the guinea pig for the experiment .
amenities were antiquated or broken and paint was peeling off the walls .
the cafe was influenced by cat-friendly establishments in far-eat asia .
the video was captured at the dogaroo pet  centre in hong kong .
the former captain is undertaking a 100km trek to the north pole to raise £250,000 for charity, along with nine sportsmen and royal marines .
the incident occurred at the dierenrijk zoo in the netherlands .
clip was produced for a news satire programme on a swiss tv station .
video maker and friends panic and begin rowing back to shore .
but the 27-year-old stopped breathing on the operating table .
england bosses consistently preferred steven gerrard or frank lampard .
chelsea manager jose mourinho is fronting a new promotional deal with car manufacturers jaguar .
richard thompson looking to bring t20 blast highlights to terrestrial tv .
derek pringle has been approached to become cricket consultant of oman .
stuart lancaster is unperturbed by claims that he hasn't walked the walk .
clare balding will snub the grand national to present women's boat race .
greg dyke finally handed back the £16,400 watch given to him by fifa .
liverpool club secretary stuart hayton is leaving anfield after  two seasons .
portuguese coach says he cannot absorb all young players into his squad .
these were the two key games all arsenal fans desperately wanted to win .
luke shaw wasn't fit enough when he arrived last summer .
but he has assumed he'll stay at liverpool when he has other ambitions .
roy hodgson seems to have realised the importance of carrick .
additional officials behind goals has proved an extraordinary waste of time .
read: celtic write to sfa over josh meekings handball controversy .
the hoops have written the sfa for an 'understanding' of the decision .
the defender believes the threshold for yellow card suspensions should be raised and is disappointed to be missing out on making history .
under-fire moores is adamant he will turn things round in grenada .
england could only take five of the eight wickets needed to lead the series .
alastair cook's side set west indies an unlikely victory target of 438 .
delph then swept home the winner nine minutes into the second-half .
gregory van der wiel's deflected effort gave psg some hope .
united travel away to chelsea in the premier league on saturday .
napoli, juventus and fiorentina are still in contention for european glory .
juan mata returns to his former club after keeping angel di maria out .
jose mourinho's side face manchester united on saturday .
blues can move a step closer to premier league title with three points .
luke shaw should start at left back on return to manchester united side .
dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke confirmed news in press conference .
both clubs are mindful of boosting their quota of homegrown players .
the 25-year-old has committed his future, signing a three-and-a-half year deal taking him through until summer 2018 .
the uruguayan is being courted by louis van gaal at manchester united .
rosberg explained he did not try to attack hamilton for fear of tyre wear .
but hamilton, who leads the championship, has denied any wrong-doing .
red bull chief dietrich mateschitz has threatened to pull team out of f1 .
click here for all the latest manchester city news .
but they are only four points ahead of fifth-placed southampton .
jose mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the premier league with a game in hand .
chelsea midfielder travelled to italy to have a protective mask fitted .
manchester city and tottenham also interested in the defender .
the 'real' manchester derby takes place at old trafford on sunday .
under his daring captaincy, australia dominated cricket in the late 1950s .
bradman turned down opportunity to have state funeral before his death .
read: when richie benaud welcomed viewers, they were able to relax .
click here for benaud tributes as the cricket world mourns his death .
leading figures from the sport were quick to pay tribute .
burger received a one-week ban for his strike on machenaud .
they were left to rue decision to ditch their black and white stripes .
kamleh was identified after the propaganda film went viral .
inter boss roberto mancini insists those reports are completely made up .
smita has long way to go before she knocks current holder off her perch .
do you know the boy?
the 39-year-old plays matthew stevens in the second round .
neville: 'hazard needs to bully defenders more, become a killer, somebody who gives full-backs nightmares before they play against him'
loic remy also out of the clash with dominic solanke likely to be in squad .
as did jay-jay okocha, david trezeguet and vladimir smicer .
they are both starting their final week of hard training .
the price of a season ticket for under 16s will be cut to just £99 .
grealish's great-great grandfather, billy garraty, won the fa cup in 1905 .
sunni isis may take hold as shi'ite rebels fight government and al-qaeda .
the swimwear is a collaboration with us brand swim sexy .
zala will go with her when she starts playing in the u.s. wnba in may .
click here for all the latest manchester united news .
he says the 'bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error .
manchester united's david de gea is the team's goalkeeper .
real madrid's win moved them back to within two points of  barcelona .
read: mayweather vs pacquiao tickets sell out within 60 seconds .
pirlo is still playing at the top of his game at 35-years-old .
five-time world champions needs one more frame to secure progression .
but the arsenal manager has two years on what could be his final contract .
read: ding junhui misses out on maximum break (and £30,000)
rio ferdinand and gary cahill were among the other players celebrating .
chris smalling: manchester united must improve .
ballon d'or holder takes off his training shirt and presents it to tearful boy .
he hailed the individual performance of his captain john terry as the defender's 'best ever' in his career .
united boss said it is too early to know the severity of the injury .
lopez was in brazil ahead of 2014 world cup .
chelsea playmaker eden hazard was crowned pfa player of the year .
referee sent him off after studying replays on the big screen .
creation contains diamonds and gold and is worth over $1million .
27-year-old midfielder is enjoying a fruitful first season at stamford bridge .
premier league rivals go head-to-head at the emirates on sunday .
acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never seen anything like it .
doctors do not advise popping ganglions as more fluid returns in future .
incredibly tense final day is expected on june 12 .
rodgers says he will bring in more players to relieve burden next season .
mayweather takes on manny pacquiao at the mgm in las vegas on may 2 .
grammy-nominee christina milian and fuse odg entertained guests .
but, three years without a trophy means brendan rodgers is one to blame .
depay has been linked with moves to whole host of premier league sides .
but, terry admits change of approach has helped blues close in on the title .
hotel  expect 50,000 people to pass through on friday and saturday .
real madrid and juventus join bayern munich and barcelona in semi-finals .
thompson says 'blood started pouring out of the hole' in mcginn's leg .
radcliffe was the 199th woman to finish the race on sunday .
guardiola has a contract until 2016 but has been linked with a move away .
read: liverpool ramp up memphis depay chase .
muller is now the leading german scorer in the competition .
click here for all the latest west ham united news .
mandatory challenger tyson fury watched at madison square garden .
pacquiao made his latest appearance on jimmy kimmel live!
seven-time formula one world champion michael is recovering after a serious head injury in december 2013 .
click here for all the latest manchester city news .
chelsea's defence have proved that a solid back four is key to a charge .
the 34-year-old made just 14 appearances for rafa benitez during 2012-13 .
james rodriguez puts side in lead before hernandez's second of the night .
toni kroos equalised for the visitors and hernandez doubled real's scoring with a goal in the 24th minute .
world no 5 crowned barcelona open champion for second year in a row .
the ea sports team sees diego costa and nemanja matic miss out .
chelsea's six representatives this year brings them to a total of 29 .
total expenditure would hit £300m if all signings were pulled off .
henry's former side drew 0-0 with chelsea at the emirates stadium .
click here for sportsmail's lowdown on the champions league final four .
willian gave perhaps his best performance in a chelsea shirt .
fa cup final is on may 30 - same day federici will marry his girlfriend .
radamel falcao has struggled at manchester united after signing on loan .
read: mayweather vs pacquiao tickets sell out within 60 seconds .
19-year-old jack grealish was in fine form on his wembley debut .
but another test has shown the device lives up to apple's waterproof claims after it survived 15 minutes in a swimming pool .
february's super bowl victory was brady's fourth in a glittering career .
louis van gaal blamed a lack of sharpness for united’s defeat at everton .
xavi also broke the record for most knockout stage appearances with 53 .
rangers and hibernian will back the club's stance against the spflâ .
click here for all the latest celtic news .
'we talked about how life was without our mom.
cameron says he is 'feeling pumped' ahead of 'bloody important election'
she also defended her infamous selfies: 'this is me, take me as i am'
schemes in the us have reduced dog fouling as much as 90 per cent .
partner gina, 45, who also worked at the factory handed in her notice too .
but he says bristol city council have not allowed her to return home .
clash against almeria at the bernabeu will kick off at 7pm .
hundreds take to social media to urging people to #boycottindonesia .
gularte spent seven of his 11 years in prison on nusakambangan .
arshdeep, 14, died and mrs kaur seriously injured after being pushed off .
no income tax on earnings less than £12,500 .
brown also has a younger sister called trezeguet .
he then flew back out to sea and jumped from the helicopter seconds before it crashed into the sea .
medic said teenager became 'pancaked' between two floors when quake hit .
mum rasmila has thanked 'god and the rescuers' for saving her child .
but ms sturgeon said: 'he won't get his budget unless he compromises'
faster or slower breathing and becoming less animated also signs .
mr farage was interviewed for a special question time-style programme .
read: real madrid to tempt psg with a £30m offer for marco verratti .
gorges on takeaways five nights a week and blows £10 a day on chocolate .
she sails alone in a cal 40 sailboat, and has travelled about 25,000 nautical miles to date .
lawyer says client ventures no further than a 1,350ft radius from house .
up to 50,000 tickets for closed-circuit viewing will also be on sale .
since then it has toured the country showing vintage footage and even starred in tv and radio programmes .
charlie analyses spanish football and his favourite team are barcelona .
everton are unbeaten in their last six premier league games, winning five .
pacquiao arrives in las vegas ahead of showdown with mayweather .
read: what are arsenal's transfer options this summer .
read: arsenal, chelsea and tottenham chase  wonder boy charlie patin .
murray is in munich to compete in this week's bmw open on clay .
mayweather vs pacquiao by numbers: from tickets to betting odds .
walcott has been named on the bench for 17 of arsenal's league games .
read: barcelona pupils keen to teach pep guardiola a lesson .
federer is competing in the inaugural istanbul open this week .
fan suffered 'wounds' but was conscious and taken to a nearby hospital .
reigning champion heading to santa monica ahead of spanish grand prix .
chelsea have been training at st george's park ahead of game at leicester .
joe rothwell scored united's second and third before half-time .
watch: jeff powell on floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao's arrival in las vegas .
click here for all the latest chelsea news .
read: sturridge heads back to the us to see specialist .
less than 1,000 are expected to go on public sale priced from $1,500 .
two days earlier pacquiao had time for just two words at his conference call before his promoter bob arum hung up the phone in frustration .
tickets for the fight at mgm grand have yet to go on sale .
and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form .
there were dozens of sightings of the event, from england to ireland .
tests suggest it allows cars to run quieter and produce fewer pollutants .
a 'pocket processor' converts that recording into an infrared image, which the goggles then beam into the eye .
supply deal soured, with designer ordered to pay $150,000 to retail group .
gadget is powered by lithium-ion cells and can be ordered from mr priebe .
bristol city crowned league one champions with two games to play .
it could increase fuel efficiency 12% and reduce noise 40% .
an internal inquiry is underway and the matter will be raised with pakistan .
miss smart went to police who sent officers to warn the builders involved .
she's already more popular than celebrities including ellen degeneres .
both will be hoping to earn some playing time if chelsea clinch the title .
six-time world champion steve davis lost 10-1 to kurt maflin .
he has tv shows, plays, coaches basketball and sings .
greg tansey's penalty and edward ofere put inverness ahead .
an investigation is ongoing and the cause of the fight remains unclear .
read: mourinho warns his young chelsea players he cannot play them all .
chelsea wrapped up the win in the closing stages when dominic solanke broke free and slotted an effort home .
ramires seals the win for chelsea with a stunning drilled effort from just outside the box .
discovered last year by metal detector enthusiast following a storm .
american fighter will pocket upwards of £111m if he goes the distance .
the six-tier concept aims to promote a central open communal space .
bayern are also in semi-finals of the german cup and champions league .
the penalty came a decade after their convictions .
happy cloud believes her native american heritage has been undermined by facebook's discriminatory policies .
the match was played behind closed doors due to trouble in the past .
the blues reacted well and earned the victory with three second-half goals .
read: steve davis plays down crucible chances as he bids to qualify .
deila said celtic themselves provide the biggest hurdle to treble hopes .
ex-west ham defender julian dicks scored 10 during the 1995-96 season .
hours before their execution he penned a message to indonesian president .
jimmy white and reanne evans are also hoping to qualify .
it has since amassed 816million views on youtube .
griffiths has been a real success for the bhoys since - most notably scoring 14 goals in his last 17 games .
pictures taken in 1996 show pacquiao training at the lm gym in manila before he became a star .
bieber has accompanied 'money' mayweather into the ring several times .
read: mayweather makes official arrival ahead of manny pacquiao fight .
click here for all the latest celtic news .
but doherty fought back and leads 5-4 at the midway point .
he has recently been embroiled in a contract dispute with his club .
the fan fiction is about a woman's sexual infatuation with new england patriots tight end rob 'gronk' gronkowski .
pacquiao is confident he can end mayweather's unbeaten record .
racist searches linked with higher death rates in black communities .
60-stone ms davis also had to be lifted from different home in 2012 by 40-strong team of builders, scaffolders and emergency services workers .
they were arrested in 2005 for organising eight kilos of heroin to be smuggled out of indonesia, and sentenced to death five months later .
george and amal dined in new york city with her parents tuesday .
two of the 11 supporters given the death penalty today are still on the run .
several former members have come forward with abuse, bullying allegations .
but why thousands of these stars are there remains a mystery .
west ham travel to league champions manchester city on sunday .
schneiderlin has been linked with moves to arsenal and tottenham .
parlour says a summer move for petr cech would be a 'no brainer' the former midfielder doubts whether chelsea would sell to a title rival .
his defense attorneys argue that he was insane .
the 39-year-old lived at the 108-bed center from last june until january .
the finds are believed to date back more than two centuries .
apple has yet to comment on the problem, despite people taking to twitter .
these selections become more relevant the more the app is used .
the verdict is that some - but not all - of the science is plausible .
'it's like owning a driverless car that goes planet shopping' they said .
hyperion has been known to unleash huge bursts of charged particles .
one man was taken away for questioning once landed at muscat .
the fa cup is set to be rebranded as the emirates fa cup .
when england were 34 for three i received a lot of comments about my supposed motivational skills.
click here for all the latest tottenham hotspur news .
civil liberties activists are upset over mass-surveillance carried out by the nsa and exposed by leaker edward snowden .
fiancee charged with second-degree murder for allegedly causing viafore's death .
barnes featured on anfield rap and world in motion in the past .
willian accidentally smashes the wing mirror of one of the audi's .
manchester united came from a goal behind to beat bayern munich 2-1 .
davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match to seal victory .
instagram bans nudity on the site under its community guidelines .
today's larger sperm whales are able to navigate under water with ease .
england have 17 tests in nine months and must be careful with jimmy .
chelsea can win the premier league with victory over crystal palace .
madigan's sixth penalty proved crucial as leinster held on for a hard-fought victory .
scott says that perry showed him what he described as propaganda and called the president a 'baby killer' a superintendent has said perry was already planning on retiring before the complaint about her behavior .
users can search for photos on bing or upload their own .
but after three months her number hasn't been reinstated, she hasn't received her tax refund, and her driver's license also lists her as deceased .
pacquiao fights floyd mayweather jr in las vegas, nevada, on may 2 .
they are expected to have a lifetime of perhaps three million more years - which is relatively short in cosmic terms .
the launch was conducted in secrecy before being released to the public .
experts say system could one day be used by the police, and even in cars .
he is still is the enforcer  and combines well with james anderson .
cherry wants to see the six players involved sacked by leeds .
autochrome photography process used dye and starch to create the melancholy tone .
she was convicted of attempting to smuggle £1.6million of cocaine in 2012 .
fletcher is releasing his book, 'fifty-six - the story of the bradford fire'
goals from greg stewart, jake mcpake and paul heffernen secured win .
the young man, who has still not been named by police, was charged with assault and public intoxication .
ms davis, 22, was freed without charge in december after a month spent in a chinese prison .
strong winds were behind large sand clouds obscuring dubai's skyline .
a rally has been organised against protein world in hyde park on may 2 .
la liga giants madrid sealed lucrative deal with emirates in 2013 .
zenit, coached by andre villas-boas, are top of russian premier league .
but frampton's promoters hit back, saying hearn had stalled talks .
reality tv star had been struggling with depression and vowed to find cure .
police are asking anyone who received items from the home - including a lamp and a painting - to return them .
damned if i don't', and asked: 'now it's wrong to pray?'
it was a replica of jean-honoré fragonard’s 18th-century young woman .
spieth became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the masters .
botham was always larger than life and in your face .
sean dyche could be in if he saves burnley from relegation .
the are stuck with the likes of jesus navas at the etihad stadium .
barnet players and fans celebrated  on the pitch following final whistle .
mayweather vs pacquiao - 12 things you didn't know about the pair .
win was jackson's first victory in the ufc since 2011 .
dimitar berbatov is confident monaco can progress to the semi-final .
aiming for success with both england and club manchester city this year .
kevin mirallas also on tottenham's radar .
christian eriksen says he wants to qualify as it helps attract top players .
cook probably overdid his new stance against the west indies .
jordan spieth won this year's masters after finishing on 18 under par .
and daniel levy will put price tag on lloris to keep united and psg at bay .
i think you've sort of covered everything about that question,' he said as the audience laughed .
managed to fend off the leopard with his stick while still on the ground .
five-month-old pup was professionally trained at hill country k9 school .
his friend reacts in shock and swears after being burnt .
pair hug and burst into tears in heartwarming video filmed by her mother .
in the clip, the women also point out several other areas in which men remain the dominant gender .
the video has so far been viewed 2.8 million times on youtube .
some have claimed the hairless animal is a mythical 'water monster' others believe it is a malaysian bear suffering from a skin disease .
shibu inu runs in the air in an attempt to get closer to husky .
he beat pepiot by a tenth of a second at track event in eugene, oregon .
many viewers have deemed the dog's cleaning antics 'cute' and adorable'
while posing for the camera the chairlift hits him hard in the head .
read: arsenal fans call for removal of emirates  cesc fabregas flag .
jones would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman if he was found to have caused crash .
van gaal reveals he's 'delighted' that smalling has penned a new deal .
the club went bankrupt in the 1980s and only returned in 2010 .
it allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working .
smith went to the press and boehning soon admitted he uses the gay app -- but the 52-year-old says its part of a rival's smear campaign .
he has developed an entertaining study of rejection in all its many forms .
edinson cavani is hoping for a move away from paris saint-germain .
claims her addiction was cured by one 50 minute hypnosis session .
knight had to be wheeled out of court after being denied bail cut .
his pickup then backs up after a struggle and runs over sloan's leg .
visitors were reduced to nine-men when james pearson was sent off for fighting along with millwall's ed upson .
petra, 40, lives in glasgow with her nine-year-old son, noah .
victim's family sued the tourist and attempted to stop her from leaving .
with the sunshine beaming this week and some of the highest temperatures recorded so far this year, what better moment to splash out on the new third-generation audi tt roadster.
jones is widely considered the best pound-for-pound mixed martial artist .
ghana international essien left chelsea for milan in january 2014 .
read: hernandez 'has won' bid to make loan move permanent .
batiste, a homeless man, was found dead in a ditch a day later .
cournswood house, in south buckinghamshire, has pool, lakes and gym .
', greig asks .
drama tells story of sir thomas cromwell's rise in king henry viii's court .
benn is hoping hatton will train his son ahead of 2016 olympic campaign .
aston villa boss tim sherwood willing to snap him up on a free .
on sunday mr tooth, who had been living in sydney, died in hospital .
she said it feels like her birthday whenever she walks out into the cage .
vanzant could realistically become the youngest-ever ufc champion .
read: mourinho warns his young players he cannot play them all .
celtic striker leigh griffiths complained they were 'robbed' at hampden .
van gaal is a serial winner and can get united challenging for honours .
photographs of other baltimore police also contradict theory .
bedridden woman taken to hospital by ambulance with 'severe infection’
video shows volcano performing on benghazi's rubble-strewn streets .
he is said to have injured four women between 1988 and 2011 .
she traveled to new york for interviews on wednesday after being applauded by moms across the us and the baltimore police chief .
officials from iran claimed they seized maersk tigris under a legal order following a long running legal dispute with the shipping company .
mcgregor has a shot at the featherweight world title against jose aldo .
also revealed a larger model which is a 'infinitely scalable system'
he spotted that india, eurasia and other plates are slowly moving together .
contradicts theory that human hunting led to the demise of neanderthals .
after raising issue with first choice, he was offered '£50 goodwill voucher'
however, it is still touch and go as to whether england qualify for euros .
trott was first out  for 59 but appeared increasingly comfortable .
he says the 'bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error .
rangers boss endorses rooney rule introduction to raise awareness .
following jarret stoll's arrest last week, henderson tweeted andrews saying: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend?'
tissue samples of the  fish were sent to see otago museum for testing .
however venture fell apart and chain left middle east with losses of £110m .
the captaincy always wears players down, and it isn't his time yet .
he scoops out the blood clot  and sews up the wound with items in his kit .
armstrong was stripped of seven tour de france wins from 1999-2005 .
he may be a juan sebastian veron, andriy shevchenko or fernando torres .
lambert may not be world class but he deserves better than this .
playmaker henrikh mkhitaryan would also improve louis van gaal's side .
read: pellegrini's job on the line as patrick vieira waits in the wings .
this is second tv ad job for dorset boy toby .
system may help bomb disposal teams deal with suspicious vehicles .
plan is 'indefinitely abandoned' as russia scrambles to gain control .
the sydney mother of two has 129k instagram followers .
it removes the need for specialist hardware like fingerprint readers .
creators claim the card will save users 53 hours a year in unlocking time .
plus-sized fashion label simply be also created its own poster .
it 'pulses' repeatedly from the beetle's rear - and the bug can even aim .
as kit the tabby had recently nursed her own kittens, she was able to feed the puppies with her own milk .
council has no record of the car being towed or impounded .
after sealing the deal the 23-year-old carries on with the marathon .
ward has not fought since he beat edwin rodriquez in november 2013 .
grealish seeks assurances from roy hodgson before playing for england .
elsewhere, england will have a very good player back on their hands if jonathan trott can regain his old calmness going into the third test .
group wanted to refurbish the stadium into a home for a united states football league team but plan fell apart .
a 61-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .
he's created a non-profit for underprivileged kids in honor of the children .
at one point the woman fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, fatally wounding her .
a crowd of 50 people surrounded mr abbott to cheer him on as he drank .
video was captured by a visitor to albuquerque's abq biopark zoo .
it includes admission that police van made a previously unknown stop .
mr barnes adopted kangaroo after finding its mother dead on a highway .
conditional jockey champion sean bowen tipped to follow in his footsteps .
portland take on fierce rivals seattle sounders on monday at 2:30am uk .
a highly capable, ruftytufty 4x4 from russia — for a fraction of the price of a new land rover.
recently partied in las vegas with miley cyrus .
it is also kitted out for business with a conference room and office so the owner is never out of touch with work .
the filmmaker eventually helps it out with a heat gun .
saige: 'this is way dirty, it has no space.
video of thursday's incident has got  126,000 views since it was uploaded .
bubba watson, jack nicklaus and arnold palmer all made history .
seve ballesteros, phil mickelson and nick faldo all made history .
he has 36 career wins, with 21 of those from pole position to open up a 27-point gap over team-mate rosberg .
kimi raikkonen finished fourth for ferrari with the williams drivers of felipe massa and valtteri bottas 5th and 6th .
lewis hamilton looks for second win in bahrain in bid to make it three out of four victories in 2015 season .
fernando alonso is the only other driver to have triumphed at the track more than once .
ansari could be england's most academically gifted player since ed smith .
he will face his former club barcelona in california during the tour .
four matches will make up chelsea's participation in champions cup .
captain steven gerrard did not model new strip as he prepares to leave for la galaxy in the summer .
they were last sponsored by the sports brand between 2007 and 2010 .
there is no buy-out agreement in nike's current deal which ends in july .
lifesum nutritionist luvisa nilsson says the trick is safe .
while in the uk, chlamydia seemingly causes the most concern and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed std in the country .
bentley took couple to wedding breakfast at beaumont hotel in mayfair .
he is scorned as a great vulgarian and yet more than any other modern fighter he embodies the mastery of some of its finest skills .
religion in sport only becomes a topic when it is someone else's religion .
ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and, guess what, it has not been an easy job to refloat it .
we talk about loyalty in football as if it is a one-way street .
wladimir klitschko admits that he is considering retirement .
but khan snr claims that promoter eddie hearn has been 'disrespectful' andre ward sees paul smith as an ideal opponent before a carl froch fight .
carl foch unlikely to meet andre ward or julio cesar chavez jnr .
lowest points of anderson's career have come with too much tinkering .
yaya toure remains inter milan's main summer transfer target .
newcastle are considering a move for fulham's ross mccormack .
ben amos impressed neil lennon during his loan at bolton wanderers .
the arsenal fans said it was boring but chelsea are doing what they need to do to win the league .
cesc fabregas has impressed this season, but he would not necessarily have had the same impact if he had joined arsenal from barcelona .
juan bernat's champions league performance signalled part of the new era .
he masterminded real's 10th european cup triumph last season .
but don't try it over here; stewards in their yellow jackets would not like it .
alastair cook probably shouldn't have gone to graham gooch for tips .
roberto mancini has a huge italian job on his hands at inter milan .
samir nasri, gael clichy and bacary sagna have all moved to the etihad .
mourinho criticised oscar publicly after stoke game .
the point is another significant step for chelsea in their inevitable march toward the title .
it's a mauling for city,' said neville at one point .
real madrid are keen to sign borussia dortmund midfielder marco reus .
slaven bilic is in the frame to replace sam allardyce at west ham .
brendan rodgers sees theo walcott as an ideal replacement for sterling .
ian poulter, henrik stenson and sergio garcia have decided not to play at the bmw pga championship being staged at wentworth next month .
jack nicklaus and phil mickelson are among those to pay tribute to spieth .
mcilroy, meanwhile, teed off with promising young british starlet bradley neil .
max verstappen, 17, impressed with classy driving ability in china .
louis van gaal previously admitted he lacks a 20-goals-per-season striker .
nobody had ever won player of the month three times in a row but kane went desperately close after winning it in january and february .
chelsea will not have it all their own way in the premier league next year .
villa boss tim sherwood has got the club's passion and excitement back .
james ward-prowse can reach the top if he adds goals to his game .
sportsmail's jamie redknapp picks his top five strikes from the weekend .
manuel pellegrini will be feeling the pressure on monday night .
england should build their midfield around him for euro 2016 .
birmingham boss garry rowett is heading all the way to the very top .
kell brook vs frankie gavin under strong consideration for may 30 .
he had an incredible relationship with tony greig and bill lawry .
steffon armitage and nick abendanon should come into the selection mix .
the rfu can invoke an 'exceptional' clause to select overseas players .
but the entire match between uzbekistan and bahrain was replayed .
he said he considered retiring quietly, but is glad he didn't .
mccoy was reduced to tears as he competed professionally for last time .
mccoy was reduced to tears as he competed professionally for last time .
second away win of the season sends orlando city third in the league .
the sandown track is completely sold out as fans bid farewell to a hero .
mccoy will be awarded with 20th champions jockey trophy by ian wright .
bournemouth effectively secured promotion to premier league on monday .
rickets can cause bone deformities such as bowed legs and a curved spine .
follows protests from victims families who are calling for ship to be raised .
palermo president maurizio zamparini is demanding £36m from psg .
olivier giroud: i get p***** about everyone talking about my hairstyle .
french striker has scored 14 premier league goals this season .
read: arsenal midfielder mesut ozil needs to produce in big games .
late substitute juan vargas doubled scoreline with just seconds to go .
attraction is prone to landslide and is said to be under threat from humans .
laurent koscielny facing fitness test on injury sustained against liverpool .
the fossil was discovered by a farmer in qinglong county in north china .
the pictures show the dangers small rodents have to be aware of in the area .
kevin gameiro wins the tie for sevilla on break in closing minutes .
saudi arabia is 'funding the group with millions of dollars in arms and training'
a 10 p.m.- 5 a.m. curfew has been imposed by the mayor of baltimore .
lowest ranking countries include iraq, afghanistan and pakistan .
said home was 'very terrible place to be' where he was regularly beaten .
after hatching, spider babies crawl onto the mother's back and stay there .
terrorists then dragged the 10 men out in to the desert and shot them .
six boys claim they were sexually abused by the man hundreds of times starting when some were as young as 5-years-old .
experts believe the object is likely to have been a russian submarine .
fellow young player of the year nominee philippe coutinho arrived with liverpool team-mates steven gerrard and kolo toure .
he is surrounded by men with guns and executioner with a meat cleaver .
consumer affairs victoria will now decide if any offences were committed .
dental nurse, 21, likely to pay 10 per cent less than they would have in 2011 .
a starbucks spokesman said it complies 'with all relevant tax rules, laws'
however, experts discovered a cancer drug can reverse the changes .
it could provide unprecedented insight into how huge stars are born .
dominican newspaper reported that they discussed hillary's presidential ambitions .
five pupils were hospitalized, 11 treated at the scene on monday at 8am .
sits in front of gun-shaped candle holder next to action figure of himself .
allison was given 30 month jail sentence for sexual assault of two women .
the awards are voted for by readers of elite traveler magazine .
jacob and steven rodriguez have both been charged with capital murder .
wastage comes despite up to 650,000 facing starvation in war-torn syria .
sam brownback made so-called 'dismemberment' abortions illegal, beginning july 1 .
large-scale searches underway in -7c blizzards and winds of up to 70mph .
when man approached with a photo of octavia for her to sign she said, 'i'm not doing that'
also published their names, addresses and social media details .
he said labour is planning tax rises worth £3,000 to every working family .
in recent weeks nielsen ratings showed that the talk beat out the view for the first time but the view made a comeback .
locals estimated animals had been living in poor conditions for a month .
40 'very very damaged' mobile phones also found at the site .
cherry was reportedly on his way back from visiting a colleague in hospital .
their mother is roxanne dubé, the recently appointed canadian consul general in miami .
chapple often takes landscapes with a linhof technorama 617s iii camera .
hernandez has pleaded not guilty to shooting dead odin lloyd .
news comes as pakistan begins talks to join the coalition of sunni nations .
the 26-year-old student from india died in wellington hospital .
second vet discovered burns, and had to operate to remove dead skin .
pupils who get poor sats will be forced to resit them in secondary school .
others do not know they face hefty tax bill if they remove all cash at once .
now one gynaecologist claims thousands undergo operation needlessly .
samcam says family joke over breakfast as way of keeping pm 'grounded'
and the bones do not even originate from neanderthal times .
pollsters touting this election as closest since 1970s, inevitable coalition .
mrs drew also has 'stacks of cat food' - even though she doesn't have a pet .
has lost vision in one eye, hearing in one ear, and smell in one nostril .
couple put the five-bedroom 'dream home' on market following 2011 split .
anti fascist group 'autonomous nation of anarchist libertarians'
huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home  on march 23, then released one day later 400 miles away in her childhood hometown .
parker has dropped his chauffeur uniform and sports a roll-neck sweater .
potato chips, nuts and biscuits less risky, but meats and cut fruit a no-go .
the girl's mother, a single parent, complained to school officials after finding out alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working .
illustrated iran nuclear talks with puppets, and danced out controversial indiana religious freedom law with don lemon chiming in .
they kept the children 'buried alive' in trailer that had been buried into a hillside while they negotiated a ransom .
police remain hopeful they will find luke, who has 'high pain tolerance' luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused .
but now that he knows banksy murals are valued at hundreds of thousands of pounds, rabie dardouna is demanding the door is returned .
describes the expected environment to be 'civilised and friendly'
hansen was arrested in june 2013 after a student came forward and said he had sex with her .
a lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of earth .
researchers said they hope to use  results to help find cures for diseases .
he had a broken collarbone and was dehydrated but looked in good health and was able to walk to the hospital unaided .
kennel club poisons expert warns even 'harmless' foods can be dangerous .
stoneman, 64, was ordered to pay back just £1,350 to compensate victim .
when she's not napping she follows zoo keeper evelyn weston around .
first episode revolves around luring an upset miss piggy back to the cast .
sol campbell also attacked ed miliband saying it was clear he's 'no leader'
police said four people were arrested and will be charged over fight .
initiative .
current case could result in google being fined 10% of its annual revenues .
us pastor says strange event could predict the second coming .
borden was acquitted after going on trial for the two murders in 1892 .
justice nye perram ruled that individuals' privacy must be kept and all letters from the copyright holder must be sent to him first .
a further 23% were threatened with violence and 16% were attacked .
both teens were juniors at jeannette high school .
stefani previously described trainer as a 'tireless, wonderful motivator'
each cake egg measures 30cm high and was created as part of a feature for cake masters magazine .
they may yet lose custody of their second child, carla, aged 14 .
he said jihadist was following coverage of his raid on different channels .
the prisoners - thought to be part of the same terrorist group - all died .
he is going to need one' after frolander's arrest, police released bruised and bloodied mug shot .
kecil will go on display for the first time this weekend alongside his mother, but only for two hours at a time .
police were called twice after 'disruptive' passengers tried to disembark .
but after no success, she started attacking it with her washing paddle .
brit will play novak djokovic in the final on sunday .
female usually builds nest by herself with little or no help from the male .
her majesty arrived in the city on the royal train with prince philip .
bar patrons refused and woman wouldn't leave during friday night incident .
she died of blunt force trauma and asphyxiation .
went on jeremy kyle show where test revealed infidelity .
his research has been widely criticised by the scientific community .
prosecutor working on assumption he died during sex with the scarecrow .
he was given suspended sentences for threatening behaviour and criminal damage .
medical examiner will determine whether or not the baby was born alive .
the hashtag has almost 4000 posts from parents all over the world .
team of 45 medical staff carried out the procedure in february .
only weeks later they were sent to the somme battlefields, where more than a million men were killed or injured .
directv claims the campaign was always going to end at the end of q1 .
raises the question of how many other species there may have been .
this suggests infectious diseases are much older than previously thought .
ms hines went against warnings from doctors to give birth to son noah .
it is co-authored with blogger charlotte carr and naturopath helen padarin .
she instructed the officers to accompany them to her apartment but after talking, she asked them to leave and they did .
this self-assembly capability has been shown to take place in rna .
classes are part of new program pathway to campus enrollment, or pace .
generals' military experience has been key to the terrorists' spread in iraq .
couple were arrested after police received anonymous tip about abuse .
terrorists seized control of the majority of the refugee camp, which they are now likely to use as a base from which to assad .
is only since the proliferation of dna that they have found lost relatives .
has a geography degree, three a-levels and 10 gcses on his cv .
they arrived on thursday to find the grave bare of all the girls' mementos .
sheriff's deputies had to take out a search warrant to reunite the mother with her two daughters and two sons .
clare put a selection of their latest outfits to the test for femail .
ward said she shared the story to remind people to be kinder to each other .
he became emotional when asked how his wife of 30 years has reacted to the claims, saying: 'she never looks at me anymore'
other instagrammers are posting selfies in front of the bathroom mirror .
babygro for girls reads 'i hate my thighs' - the boys' one says 'i'm super'
state investigators went to monroeville, alabama, to speak with her .
his father, michael, is still recovering from a december 2013 ski accident .
so far, authorities will only classify mrs peppelman's death as a homicide - suggesting that the incident could be a murder-suicide .
the journey took nine days to complete and 4500km of land was covered .
building, where up to 50 people would normally work, collapsed at 8.30am .
medical examiner's office say houle died of freshwater drowning .
but nigel farage this morning insisted it was a 'hammer blow' for cameron .
ms rachdi has shed an impressive 20st and weighs 26st (377lb) amber rachdi appears on my 600lb life, thursday at  9pm on tlc .
he has now reported the problem to facebook who removed the profile .
they discovered the virus in samples taken from beneath the santa monica basin off the coast of california but say the viruses live around the world .
were travelling with elder brother, mother and grandmother .
could be a temporary blip as the us recovers from an unseasonably cold march that may have tamped down hiring .
bobbi ann hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at 14 servicemen .
it was reported nation didn't have funds to repay debt without agreement .
the uber driver 'honked' det cherry as he reversed into a parking space .
the lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company's california headquarters and spread to programs in florida and several other locations.
one of the  houses has gone on the market for a guide price of £4million .
that's when raymond washington, who was in the front passenger seat, got out of the cadillac and started shooting at ms berry and her son .
found lying dead inside flat by her father-in-law brian wardle .
manuela just gave you a car!
state water officials found no snow on the ground at the site for their manual survey of the snowpack .
she has now been awarded £3.2 million for sexual harassment by tribunal .
dr cooper says parents must know the importance of vaccination .
but when it is distant, our neurons fire less, and we know it is further away .
hcpc conduct and competence committee removed him from register .
message has gone viral and will even feature in duke's campus paper .
jada tweeted a tribute to her former castmate, saying 'we may not have been friends but we shared an experience most will never have'
their family is in queensland, sevilla is a nurse at townsville hospital .
the girls are usually married off to top officials once they reach their 20s .
hilbert has been arrested a total of five times and her charges include possession of pot and xanax and also failure to appear in court .
charity turns donated wedding dresses into outfits for babies .
software, robots or smart machines could replace third of jobs by 2025 .
strict rules decided who will speak and when during two-hour show .
champion jockey and 2010 winner tony mccoy will retire after the race .
most rent-stabilized tenants are over age 65 .
blocks were lifted today after twitter, facebook and youtube agreed to remove images of the deadly siege from their sites .
he trained as an engineer in united states and there was a $5m reward .
they are suing council after coroner ruled death from 'industrial disease'
same condition that has left real housewives star yolanda foster unable to read, write or watch tv .
both  could have could have contrary conduct and detrimental conduct charges referred straight to the nrl judiciary .
everest lost an inch of its height in the quake, but still stands at 29,029 feet .
the federal sex discrimination act makes it illegal to discriminate against a person on the grounds of breastfeeding .
will be expected to spend all of his time in his living room with adaptations .
she was born in arkansas near the texas border in 1898 and worked as a domestic helper .
hutchinson, 40, admitted grievous bodily harm and jailed for two years .
animals would have eventually collapsed to the ground under own weight .
lava flowed 100 metres from their tent during the shoot .
doctors and staff have described the distressing scene after the baby died and then the woman suffered a fatal stroke and multi-organ failure .
sales for the ipad dropped 18 per cent in the final quarter of 2014 .
hutchinson doesn't risk a veto-override from lawmakers since he hasn't technically vetoed the bill .
jermaine kellman, 29, and marvin sempler, 30, were each given 13 years .
an aide then saw the boy climbing on shelves and out a window .
two fbi agents and a state trooper allegedly ignored court subpoena .
it has been marketed as 'the finest steam yacht in australia and only one of three of its kind remaining in the world'
a large easter bunny would have you on the squash court for 3 hours .
peter hammarstedt said scuttling would destroy evidence of poaching .
engineers are  looking at drains to explore whether the idea is viable .
president zeman responded to criticism by banning him from castle .
family have raised questions over the standard of care ms hindle received .
admits that taking the bus after a night out can be a bit embarrassing .
but she was caught when her mother-in-law found her squatting over  pot .
tells court: 'it's not very professional, i fully accept that, and it's wrong'
pizzeria in indiana bombarded with calls after refusing gay wedding .
conflict has seen at least 519 people killed so far, says un .
the cheating came to light after the atlanta journal-constitution reported in 2008 that some student's scores were statistically improbable .
they also say they are constantly itching, and large sore develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow .
gallmon made an initial appearance on the murder charge superior court in dc on thursday .
lerner offered a self-serving opening statement during a 2013 hearing, but refused to take questions even though she was under subpoena .
commuters have been warned to avoid the area as witnesses describe long queues of buses .
came amid concerns about alcohol abuse, domestic violence and neglect .
tracy is trying to raise £6600 for an autism service dog for tianni - more information may be found here: letsgofundraise-uk.com .
jury is deciding whether he is jailed for life or is condemned to death .
dr rous's sister johann has paid emotional tribute to her 'absolute rock'
partner tallon pamenter, who she was to marry this year, said: 'my heart is in a million pieces' 'this year has stripped me from the one thing that brought magic to every aspect of my life' mr pamenter also revealed she underwent radiation in her final weeks .
police and employers are investigating and man could face the sack .
its venom will be distributed between research institutes across australia .
victim suffered fractured spine and pelvis leaving her wheelchair-bound .
the vibrant sisters have 111,000 fans on instagram .
but they didn't perform as destiny's child .
gov.
charity is suing timber treatment technologies for ‘in excess’ of $500k .
nick townley, 49, who was driving lorry, captured moment on dash cam .
steve buscemi's crook buried one in the snow in 1996 coen brothers film .
khan wrote a how-to guide for bomb-making for inspire, which is believed to have been used by the accused boston bombers .
the lion charged at the intrepid photographer as he closed the car's door .
mensa welcomes anyone who is in the top two per cent in the country .
the key summer dates from travel are between christmas and easter .
mr danczuk said it was 'unacceptable' for them to be free to live in the uk .
he says tsunamis could affect 240 million americans and hit europe too .
the 24-year-old then turned the gun on himself .
like human cells, the mysterious circles typically have six 'neighbours'
there's been a string of controversial incidents in the hospital, including the death of a patient last month .
after fbi search, noah's body was found in septic tank on family's property five days later .
travellers' hand luggage will be searched before they board the plane .
'this is how i picture us,' sharry said.
etihad has rejected allegations saying employees are their top priority .
problem is more to do with lack of doctors rather than opening hours .
adds 'ambitious and intelligent' women shouldn't be stay-at-home mothers .
the 60-year-old has two sons with her ex-husband and works in nursing .
officials for the city say they would never arrest someone for not mowing their lawn and that yoes had plenty of opportunities to work with them .
he pleaded guilty to 52 charges of voyeurism in february and is set to be sentenced on may 15 .
subsequent blaze damaged a third of the ground floor of the property .
he now faces a hearing to determine whether he will be struck off register .
it has helped animals allover the uk lose the combined weight of 46 stone .
display created before staff learned lubitz deliberately crashed the aircraft .
snake catcher tony harrison said it was probably imported illegally .
their joint venture collapsed at the last moment and nikki went out on her own .
general hinted that ongoing airstrikes may require support on the ground .
her attacker took photographs and had sex with her, she told detectives .
full interview appears in the may 2015 issue of men’s health, on sale thursday 2 april.
teachers also feel pressured to report youngsters for giving honest opinons .
chapman was reportedly carrying a firearm when he was apprehended .
hoos about birds of prey were the quietest so not to alert the predators .
they were last seen alive on march 28 .
wife teresa currently serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges and he will begin his sentence when hers is over .
they say they take great comfort knowing she died doing something she loved .
tories promise to raise threshold from £41,865 to £50,000 by 2020 .
she is taking part in a models of diversity show at london's olympia .
she plans to do a topless skydive for her 40th birthday next year .
the woman is struck in the face during the fight and is visibly bleeding .
adding to crapser's struggles, at no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have .
group expected him to be severely sun burnt and covered in blisters .
but it was also a clear attempt to counter the growing influence of isis .
queensland man ibrahim jalloh facing the same charge will soon face trial .
he will be sentenced for the misdemeanor on may 22 .
friends said talley remains 'very sharp' and goes on a yearly fishing trip .
randy, an attorney, told daily mail online that he staged the prank in revenge for one his granddaughters pulled on him earlier in the day .
also demanded nato breaks up so called 'rapid response force' in the baltic and stops arming those fighting pro-russian separatists in ukraine .
sanchez was a student teacher at marshall elementary school and was a sports coach at the nearby junior high .
marta orellana was just 9 years old when one day at the orphanage she was ordered to go to the infirmary and infected with the disease .
she was banned from keeping animals for five years and given a curfew .
files from two field offices which had information on tarrants were destroyed in 1977 after congress launched assassinations committee .
out of the networks, ee was fastest, followed by vodafone, o2 and three .
intel's reported purchase of altera still has yet to happen, and the news has actually caused the price of intel shares to fall .
a coroner has recorded she unlawfully killed her son and killed herself .
campaigners say rspca should stop 'pursuing pointless prosecutions'
took ferrari, porches, art and jewels worth total of £1million in 11 months .
famous californian cosplay artist  abby dark star will judge entrants .
both kiraz and hostage takers were killed in the resulting police shoot-out .
the sydney mother celebrated her 101th birthday on march 16 .
passengers seen throwing themselves overboard before being rescued .
the 23-year-old fugitive is wanted for aggravated battery to a correctional officer as well as escape .
for the time being non-us travellers will not be able to book with airbnb .
the tribunal will wait to decide on a penalty for the new complaints .
but it has been criticised for phones and tablets that only don't last a day .
qantas says he wasn't able to fly unaccompanied without medical approval .
follows iconic image of another girl who surrendered to cameraman in syria .
the 27-year-old moved back to mogadishu last year to be with her mum .
former royal navy seaman's biggest fear is not seeing his children again .
kevin and trevor had been cooking about 6pm but officials said they had not been arguing before the shootings .
is shown collapsing and twitching while his friends watch and laugh .
post traumatic stress disorder from her service in iraq and borderline personality disorder both fuelled her drug addiction .
judge in cincinnati overruled the government and ordered the irs to hand over the list .
and it may also help future astronauts grow plants on mars .
buddhist monuments, known as stupas, are erected near rivers to defy the evil spirits that lurk beneath the water .
but she argues the photo was 'just a funny picture' that 'wasn't a threat' state law bans use of vulgar, indecent and threatening language online .
in new york karl lagerfeld's moggy had her own room in £400 a night hotel .
hiring would make nfl second major sports league with woman official .
pair were charged with trying to force rival mr. ding-a-ling ice cream truck business out of business .
she was given probation for 2011 stabbing of her aunt and was found fit to stay in the community last year .
the nest was destroyed overnight when the wasps were dormant .
hiked all 48 mountains in new hampshire with his guide dog quinn .
dashed to hospital where doctors removed infection with scalpel .
but police say they have an obligation to urge women to minimise risks .
the 20-year-old was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief and booked into the osceola county jail .
other parents raged that their two-year-olds had been crushed in the chaos .
the car ploughed through the front of a shop causing extensive damage .
her identity and why she was buried in an elaborate tomb are unknown .
watch fireworks to celebrate the 500th birthday of hampton court .
she has been charged with theft by deception and grand theft .
average american ingests about 3,500 milligrams of salt per day .
i don't know whose son ronan is' in 2013, mia farrow admitted that frank sinatra may be the father of her son, instead of woody allen .
realtor glossed over coincidence that durst is currently under arrest and made first court appearance this week .
campaigners hoping to make buyers think about origin of garments .
the previous record holder jeanne calment was 122 when she died .
samsung has previously made flash and working memory for iphones .
lisa parkisson, 35, died at oldham 48 hours after giving birth in april .
yellow submarine was a success  and led to the beatles' 10th studio album .
attorney said the nine-minute recording shows woman having a friendly conversation with fohounhedo as he drove her home .
they were moved last month from bali jail to the island to await execution .
the modern cave also includes replica paw prints of bears, bones and details preserved in the original cave .
now wants to warn others about thoroughly checking inhalers before use .
the youngster had been riding just metres ahead of her father gavin, 43 .
'black jack' once gambled £1.7million away in a single night .
nsw civil and administrative tribunal said she was irresponsible .
two bathrooms flooded - forcing thousands to queue for over an hour .
o'connell went on to marry rebecca in 2007 and they had two children .
milat brutally murdered seven backpackers between 1989 and 1992 .
last year, the married mother-of-two was quarantined in south africa after reporting from the ebola hot zone in liberia .
mr knott had also been fighting plans to build gypsy camp near their home .
brandt was said to have been 'devastated' over rumors comparing him to a character on the show, unbreakable kimmy schmidt .
however, opposition leader bill shorten does not agree with this .
related to a dip in power in a transmission line at a maryland facility, power company says; another report says it may have been an explosion .
comes the day after a couple living nearby won for the second time .
her maternal aunt shanell was the best chance she had at survival .
steven, 21, had jewish teaching - but was ultimately not given a bar mitzvah .
a judge today struck her and a second woman's claims from court records .
he also expressed remorse .
there are calls for him to step down and condemned for selling on details .
he had eaten the fruit before the show, washed it down with a shot of 99 bananas liquor, left the peel in his pocket .
immigration and customs agents will now return the artifacts to india .
altered law more closely mirror federal legislation; it passed the senate last night and is now under consideration in the house .
he was born strong but he is now 'very floppy' and getting weaker .
ouyang won the prestigious scholarship in 2013 for her outstanding performance as an undergrad at imperial college london .
they feature in frida kahlo: the gisèle freund photographs .
moran is currently an officer sergeant at that facility.
exploitation may 'destroy monuments of the mongols and their ancestors' mr blair admits to 'regular' mongolia visits but denies discussing mining .
scientists say the children appeared to be trying to work out their secrets .
mother says epileptic toddler 'has lost her best friend and is devastated' warning: graphic content .
they say junior doctors worry they will be overworked as a gp .
scientists hope their findings can help develop new tear-resistant materials .
gary, 29, also sexually assaulted her other daughter, 11 .
indian officials are now investigating the incident as it was in its airspace .
last month two americans were charged for defacing the colosseum .
many of them said they were refused entry because of their thongs .
after crashing into bridge, the man stripped down to his underwear and jumped into brush creek .
agents have started the hunt for the buyers of the renovated three-bedroom properties in trendy south yarra .
they could have revealed jackie's unreliability before story went to press .
actress tippi hedren once said ‘he was almost obsessed with me'
watertight doors were dogged open to allow the vessel to sink faster .
'i shouldn't have sat on death row for 30 years.
vodafone say they have suspended the worker and are investigating .
russell-boumzar spent 69 days behind bars for a string of alleged offences .
called out rspca who found ravenous eight-month-old kitten, sinbad .
previously portrayed savile in his popular bbc series the big impression .
original show aired between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002 .
officers have now announced that mr clarkson will not face prosecution .
he sent her $10,000 and told her to spent it all on herself .
he was a 'jewish kid from newark' who was described as 'scholarly' with an infectious grin by his peers .
the 20-month-old was rushed to hospital after  struggling to breathe .
mccombs was released from prison in early march for tampering with evidence in day's death but musick will stand trial for day's murder .
now wears a prosthetic nose which is attached to his face using magnets .
one woman glared at it while others just looked thoroughly baffled .
investigators are looking into possibility  gas was tapped from next door .
in a series of tweets on sunday, harrison apologized for the statement .
attacker - who has string of past convictions for violence - is jailed .
other members of the family were embroiled in  lawsuits and divorces .
tells of his experiences on his own blog, almost black and criticizes affirmative action .
her father and his friend, who lived in the house when she died, have been granted bail .
by september next year two in five local authorities in england will have more children ready to start school than there are places .
coastguard spokesman said pair were 'cold and shaken' but unharmed .
labour were accused of orchestrating the letter as a 'stitch up'
his cousin claims he was attacked and thrown 40ft from a bridge .
she was last seen in the parking lot with dark-haired man at 3am .
family is now trying to make the most of the remaining time they have .
issue raised after complaint was made to act human rights commission .
tried again using the same batch and had twins carter & carson last week .
adams escaped with community order, restraining order and £175 fine .
'i guess we can expect all the clinton campaign t-shirts to have ironic slogans, right?'
at one point, according to the lawsuit, she pushed him away but didn't invoke her safe word .
pope francis also commemorated students massacred by islamist militants at a university in kenya .
the ladies are currently in talks with hbo, showtime, amc, netflix and amazon to pick up the program .
jeremy clarkson was sensationally sacked from the show over a week ago .
brother paid tribute to 'best friend' whom he will name his future son after .
elephant group free the oregon zoo elephants has claimed zoo officials should not have placed rama with the females at a young age .
howard was jailed for two and a half years at canterbury crown court .
another highlight is the museum of moving image in queens .
psychoactive effects of mould are unclear but cause cognitive impairment .
driver lost control of car after turning a curve too fast, according to police .
closing statements expected on tuesday before verdict .
she also said he patted her head and asked her for a neck massage .
a post-mortem examination is due to be held today ahead of an inquest .
norman 'drove wrong way up providence highway for 1.2 miles at 1.35am' he then smashed into couple's car, leaving their daughter, six, an orphan .
he revealed to police he had stored the gun under his daughter's mattress .
device is available to pre-order via kickstarter for cad$40 (£21 or us$32)
ashya king, five, made a 'miracle recovery' after receiving the therapy to treat a brain tumour .
replacement aircraft had to be flown in with an additional crew member .
17-month-old twins thought to have died with 80 other babies and children .
mathieson, who was high on cocaine at the time, now faces life in prison .
24 members of the underground fraternity were sanctioned by the university after the incident .
a day earlier, prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz died from gunshot wounds .
his 25-year-old friend was also attacked when he tried to help mr gibbons .
it has since become a tourist attraction for fans of the blockbuster movie .
a colleague found the 26-year-old stabbed to death on saturday morning .
the student is not currently on campus, but officials would not say if he or she had been kicked off .
a bath tub can be seen teetering over the edge of what was once the upstairs bathroom at bleak house farm .
insists she is not a 'poacher hunter', and only catches and detains them .
he is still in custody after judge said he tried to impede investigation .
ebola has killed more than 10,000 people in a year across six countries .
yesterday the queen distributed alms at royal maundy service in sheffield .
cops claimed he took furniture, a pool heater and bicycles from vacant home near a property he was working on for reality show 'the vanilla ice project' the items were later found inside his own house, according to authorities .
the aircraft disappeared with all 239 people on board on march 8, 2014 .
many were made to work 20 to 22-hour days with no time off and zero pay .
priory school was packed with pupils and parents for entrance exam day .
however strain has become increasingly resistant to drugs .
but refugees and asylum seekers are exempt and may be serious criminals .
pease pudding is made from split peas, boiled with onion and carrot .
pm david cameron vowed to kick his 'fat arse' out of the commons .
he has previously worked with the likes of cheryl cole and leona lewis .
sea shepherd claims thunder deliberately sunk the ship to destroy proof .
miss watts' step brother nathan matthews has been charged with murder .
glitches with its expensive website also fixed with sales up 13% .
charged at police station and due to appear before magistrates today .
full poll also includes 12 pieces of music used to soundtrack video games .
he  also  attacked their third roommate with a knife and killed fazio's dog .
charity's chairman says mitchell is a 'fantasist' who claimed to have celebrity contacts but repeatedly let charity down - costing them £6,500 .
judge describes attack in june 2014 as 'savage demonstration of violence'
this b***h is pimpin now!!!'
he was jailed for eight months but the couple plan to rekindle relationship .
the role pays £28,000 a year and there will be accommodation available .
when he was arrested the fraudster had told police: 'i played him' jailed for nearly five years despite franklin saying he's 'terrified' of prison .
her last known condition was reported as critical .
screenshot tweet of conversation retweeted more than 12,000 times .
david light of data partnership revealed tactics used to coax information .
jeffs, the leader of the fundamentalist church of latter-day saints, is now serving life in prison for marrying and raping two 12-year-old girls .
tide of excrement soaked her carpet and left bedroom smelling 'foul' was forced to sleep in sewage-filled flat for four days .
'everyone's all in it together, so it's not weird or anything,' said one man .
and australia's priciest parking space at $330,000 suggests even your car can't find a cheap home in the current property boom .
he was serving 13 life sentences but escaped and went on the run in may .
incumbent boris johnson's term will end in 2016 .
but victim regretted their liaison and said she didn't want to see him again .
'i have no words, because, i mean, they're my children,' said an emotional blomberg following the reunion .
warning: graphic content .
has now been told she'll  receive more than £10k in funding .
he also calculated that all the chemical elements in the human body could be worth upto $2,000 if they were isolated and sold on the open market .
would create accurate picture of the extent of these hate crimes in britain .
thousands attend reclaim australia rallies across the country .
ireland's most infamous female prisoner murdered husband tom in 1996 .
homecamp launched in australia in january and is available worldwide .
he is suing cbs, tollison and colley for unspecified damages .
it also delved into their childhood leaving the groom filled with tears .
beheluli claimed he appeared on channel 4 dating show my little princess .
hot cross bun and easter egg bread & butter pudding came in at just $2 a person and lyndey says it is sure to be a crowd pleaser .
a judge's ruling on tuesday could determine if more alleged victims come forward .
this is first time these items from 64-year-old's collection open to public .
dani alves did his best to earn a new contract as he impressed throughout .
union to ask for more play time at its conference in harrogate this weekend .
three accusers and witnesses referred to the movie 'john tucker must die,' where ex-girlfriends take revenge on a former boyfriend .
yemen also recently shut down most of its airports .
kfc has 860 stores nationwide and serves 22 million customers a year .
he will argue for continued lower taxes, with less spent on ‘bureaucracy’ a rise in the personal allowance from £10,000 to £10,600.
he pleaded guilty and was sentenced to three years and four months in jail .
argentina says it will prosecute oil companies operating off the falklands .
the deal highlights the gray area of bloggers failing to disclose when they've received payment for promoting some goods and services .
pierre  rushed to hospital with gunshot wound to head; he died on monday .
the couple stayed true to the cottage's floor plan, while converting it from a duplex to a single-family home .
last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in november .
the survey also revealed we want adele and rhianna as our sister .
both nato and russia are carrying out military exercises in the baltic .
gordon ewen captured the unique photograph using a large telescope at the bottom of his garden in hertfordshire .
surgeons say the maggots had eaten the infected tissue but not his brain .
activist kim blames the presence of 28,500 u.s. troops  in the south as a deterrent to the north for the continuing split of the korean peninsula .
second black box has confirmed that he did deliberately kill 150 people .
colombia international jackson martinez scored a consolation for porto with seventeen minutes to go .
group expected him to be severely sun burnt and covered in blisters .
the dubai theme park will be four million square foot in size .
murray is in barcelona with jonas bjorkman training on clay courts .
kroeger will be running as a democrat and already has two opponents for the primary .
jaajaa's sister is now caring for the baby .
he was cited for 'deficiencies indicating need for counseling' for photo with figure who has 'criminal background including numerous drug charges'
'she threatened to throw me out of the house.
security officials later confirmed fall of the palace .
mourinho: that was terry best performance for chelsea .
the jeremy kyle show, weekdays at 9.25am on itv .
benign tumour of blood vessels blocking her airways has now been treated .
their acquittal was overturned but was finally cleared by italy's highest court last week .
lloyds property group said they would suit couple who like independence .
after ivf failed, she was overjoyed to conceive baby sebastian naturally .
but the government body claimed steps weren't part of coastal route and refused to pay for repairs for three years .
these children will be given extra help to stop them falling behind, pm says .
it was later revealed mccallum was a recent parolee with a long rap sheet .
a lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of earth .
farage was diminished during debate, perhaps the night's only casualty .
anthony mcmorrow, 32, agreed new baby lexi-river will be their priority .
other polls suggest mr cameron came out top at 40% and miliband trailing .
dellinger pleaded guilty in february to negligent homicide for their deaths, and to assault for the death of the fetus .
suggested that lib dem leader would be made 'welcome' after all .
managers have apologised for the filming and for any offence caused .
data will be analysed elsewhere and the results sent to a smartphone .
duties set to include bush patrols and 'indigenous engagement' prince harry will briefly travel back later this month for gallipoli memorial .
dispute began because of mr ray's fondness for watching tv loudly .
prosecutors urged judge elizabeth hurley to hand down a 40 year jail term .
cardiologist dr kevin campbell explained to femail that the menu items are full of 'empty calories' that have 'little or no nutritional value'
more than 300 people and 60 pugs will attend the long-awaited event .
ms cobourn said: 'it sounds crazy i know, but i can't even touch bananas'
dani carvajal could face punishment for punching mario mandzukic .
baltimore-based mcilvaine and dallas-based kelley mulsingeron spend much of their relationship flying to visit one another .
teachers have erected barbed wire and metal sheets to prevent smuggling .
the order ignores zuckerberg's request to wait until ceglia is found .
includes increase in milk supply, reduction in post-natal bleeding, stabilising blood pressure and more energy to care for their babies .
christie responded by repeatedly asking how much mooney knew about the deal instead of answering her question .
driver was charged with murder and string of other charges .
claims seeing a green front garden boosts mood for 95 per cent of people .
accident occurred on grand concourse in the bronx on march 20 .
he had been communicating with the officer for months before he planned the meeting at a local movie theater .
a strip search in jail revealed roepcke had 18-gram bag of marijuana in his rectum .
they then found out the donor was james christian aggeles .
he was found guilty of racially-aggravated behaviour and assault .
as officials made their way off the field, they were pelted with missiles .
new milford police confirmed on monday that he's still employed by the force .
teachers signing the letter are from some of the best schools in britain .
windscreen wipers and bottles were allegedly used to beat him .
video features a robot finding love of his life on another planet .
i'm doing what god wants' holpin has not worked for a decade and said to receive £27,000 in benefits .
the australian chamber of commerce has called on the federal government to make changes to the penalty rates to help small operators .
her granddaughter, 20, thinks her nana is 'cool'
as naturally-occurring pearls are rare, it's expected that elliot's stash could fetch a princely sum .
no explanation has been given as to why the 216 yazidis were released .
credits his success to his parents' resilience and positivity .
he was allowed to return last month, with the school district saying the stories were 'horror fiction' and not real .
police sources told nbc washington that gallmon was at the hotel that evening for a 'sexual encounter' gallmon's mother spoke with nbc and said her daughter had never been in trouble before and was considering joining the military .
she said she did this so her followers would get best advice from experts .
thailand said it plans to inform countries about the status of its aviation safety and 'the solutions to fix the faults... as soon as possible'
the b.a.a.
mrs hussey branded 'bad mum' by trolls who blame her for freddie's death .
they say dna might reveal new details about the evolution of hominids .
20 people, including visitors and zoo keepers, climb inside to have lunch with a lion for $40 .
it was revoked in 2013 after he was accused of harassing female employees .
mep diane james said 'there are people there waiting' to take over .
his trial was set to begin on tuesday, but was pushed back after he smeared feces all over his body at the courthouse and tried to hit an officer .
collection, contained in the book of the thames, is to be sold for almost £30,000 at the oxford book fair .
it's the only species that's known to follow the moon's phases to survive .
'education should be open to all, not just those who can afford it,' national union of students spokeswoman tells daily mail australia .
ukip leader nigel farage last night called for a £10billion cut in foreign aid .
cheaper than the current treatment it would save nhs £102million a year .
hannah and alexandra were both conceived by the same sperm donor .
it backs up stephen hawking's theory that black holes are 'grey'
he processed 218 bogus personal injury claims to no win no fee lawyers .
scientists hope to unravel the mysteries of dark matter, which makes up 84% of the universe but has never been detected before .
set on 247sqm, it is a treasure-trove of original decorative finishes after being rebuilt by shipton in the 1990s .
hospital managers have been hiring batches of 30 nurses on trips to spain .
they would like to use his story to encourage people to give blood .
'no good cop should watch that video without a wince,' nypd police chief bill bratton said at a press conference wednesday .
the easter egg roll dates back to 1878, during rutherford b hayes' administration .
walters, also a driving test instructor, denies murder - the trial continues .
officials said anyone found responsible will be held accountable .
artist dave poulin has refused to comment on the controversy .
batarfi led extremists in battle with government forces before he was jailed .
innovation could stop sewage being accidently shunted into rivers .
however, he finally lost the case and last tuesday the aviary was destroyed .
the cardboard garden ornament has been valued at £17,000 by us experts .
he was initially denied the surgery because doctors said he had previously failed to take medication so would be 'non-compliant' with the treatment .
but a new platinum implant has 'made her look more normal'
in a separate incident, another bouncer was stabbed in the leg on good friday .
study suggests underground corridors may be 371ft (113 metres) deep .
they filmed her lip-syncing the track last friday with the video triggering a torrent of positive response .
she has had two surgeries and claims she now has a permanent disability .
cctv footage shows him bursting into the store and threatening assistant before shopkeeper rugby tackles him and his wife grabbed a baseball bat .
has been on the run from police since their deaths earlier this year .
driver of stolen car was found hiding in dense bushes after he was picked out by a thermal imaging camera on board the police helicopter .
she was handed a restraining order and sentenced to 30 months in jail .
she was 'humiliated' after being led away from middlesborough home .
toxicology tests showed he had a blood alcohol of .375 .
violent films feature women covered in fake blood using whips and knives .
organisers said the festival 'doesn't make financial sense anymore'
scientists were able to reconstruct how the ancient species once looked .
it's the second time in six months two ryanair planes have collided .
muller claimed it was corrales who jumped on the hood of his car after telling him; 'get out of the car tough guy' video footage from the casino shows corrales on the car hood while muller drives with his wife and daughter in the car .
sting by nypd shows weinstein did not deny touching her, it is claimed .
the red ribbon school is equipped to look after hiv-positive children .
footballer won seven league titles and is now ireland's assistant manager .
police say they are treating unidentified woman's death as 'suspicious'
the building will be 319 metres tall - the highest in the southern hemisphere .
$40bn taxi firm accused of not adequately vetting drivers .
f-35 lightning ii one of the most complicated weapons systems ever built .
this as his lawyer has revealed the actor may never return to 'the way he was' as the extent of his brain injuries are still unknown .
a housing expert has said it was an accident waiting to happen .
the hollywood producer has denied the allegations and has spoken to police, who have not filed charges .
and that’s okay, i can live with that,' he said .
prosecutors had contended the february shooting is relevant to the lloyd murder since it shows that hernandez had no trouble shooting his friends .
the 63-year-old charged with three counts at tribunal and may be struck off .
there were 1,162 suicides among those who deployed and 3,879 among those who didn't .
small vet clinic raised funds to help pay for the kitten's treatments .
he allegedly made lovers pretend to be judas so he could 'punish' them .
his father said the family now has closure following the end of the trial .
mr. hadsell is awaiting a hearing on four charges of obstructing justice, a charge of possessing ammunition after a felony and breaking and entering .
police  dispersed about 2500 fans after the concert had finished .
xiong pleaded guilty to sexual assault against a 13-year-old girl in 2009 when he was 15 .
introduced predators like feral cats and foxes are their biggest threat .
never-before-seen photographs will go on auction in the us this month .
olsen claimed gun was toy but found guilty at inner london crown court .
mr mccabe made recovery and cancer is now in remission, so he has rebooked the church to marry his long term partner lisa williams this year .
singer said the song was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness .
roldan says she never knew castro was hiding the women, but that he did keep a padlock on his basement door .
attorneys: 'sky's the limit' for pay out in a successful wrongful death suit .
but judge suggests he has hidden money abroad and tells him he will be jailed if he withholds payment .
glushko was charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol .
weaver was born in arkansas in 1898 and worked as a domestic helper .
it was just a few blocks from her house in brandon .
lowest paid is in mississippi, arkansas, west virginia, alabama, kentucky .
was suffering injuries caused by shards of glass from a smashed mirror .
judges sent mystery shoppers to try breakfasts nationwide to find winner .
half  said the nhs should stop treating alcoholics given health warnings .
also taught how to cover up stubble and create a convincing cleavage .
obama has approved 43 commutations in six years in office .
authorities are checking patient records to see who he interacted with .
prosecutors said he possessed a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams .
bull riding is thought to be one of the most dangerous sports in the world .
easyjet has now apologised and agreed to refund money to change flights .
says he mother calls him 'edward' if she does not like one of his policies .
there are three outdoor terraces, five bedrooms and two kitchens .
comes days after announcement that all isis nurses must speak english .
critics say moving the voles is an unnecessary waste of public money .
taylor was awaiting sentencing at jerome combs detention center in kankakee, illinois, when he escaped early wednesday .
professor rick sarre also believed ms davis should not be charged .
in his 2013 conference speech he pledges an incoming labour government would freeze gas and electricity bills for 20 months.
in philippines, the week sees thousands of penitents beaten bloody on the streets as part of 13th century tradition .
as victims suffered from dementia they often handed over the cash .
pola, anneka and victoria claim public funds to neuter dogs were ignored .
while at the restaurant they ordered their fried chicken and brought their own plates, silverware, glasses, artificial flowers and candles for the table .
she said ms bines had not specifically asked her whether the recipes could be used there .
the crackdown comes as california and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight .
it could detect other problems that affect movement, such as arthritis .
but he ran for his old seat in city council and won .
as residents fled the streets, the city took on a mars-type appearance .
the mother-of-two was removed from her house due to mice .
it warned if is was defeated foreign fighters could scatter across the globe .
the boys had driven to a house with a third friend to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $5,000 .
they have now been jailed for six months each for concocting story .
emotional message comes a week after germanwings disaster that saw andreas lubitz deliberately crash plane killing 150 people .
reason is likely due to wide variety of flowering plants in urban areas .
at 28,251ft, k2 is considered more difficult to climb than mount everest .
he claims he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long indian eyelashes' and joined the organization of black students .
the royal said to be excited for 'challenging and hectic' schedule .
in fact, the dog jumped on his back to clear the blockage.
now it has emerged that one of boys' fathers worked for the mod .
the pair wanted to raise money for the air ambulance service .
mental health experts said wang displayed 'paranoid thinking' they said he was 'guarded and suspicious' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers .
donaldson has written about how he saved the prince from the taliban .
the rv flip was commissioned in 1962 and can sit still in heavy seas with more than 300 feet beneath the waves .
this works even if the user doesn't have mobile signal or can't speak .
a doctor told an inquest into his death he had been 'caned or whipped' he said darcy has serious bruising around his ears which looked infected .
residents were able to return home once firemen controlled the inferno .
facebook, which owns instagram, says it restricts use of private api .
i'm doing what god wants'
book written by enrico quinto, 51, and paolo tinarelli, 49 .
rookie said he learned about hood 'because [brelo] was talking about it' judge will decide brelo's fate and he faces a max sentence of 25 years .
the 35-year-old man has been arrested but had yet to be charged .
episode was entitled: my fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat?
gerry adams said incidents like her murder happen 'in every single conflict'
she was allegedly taken by ex-boyfriend and wounded by a machete .
they also introduce devastating parasites and diseases onto local species .
he believes humans combined an 'expressive' layer of language, as seen in birdsong, with a 'lexical' layer, as seen in monkeys .
wagner's poultry farm denied they had done anything unethical .
kevin told mailonline travel that the getaway wasn't as bad as it looked .
but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile .
mr miliband said letter only showed pm backed his rich friends in the city .
murphy was eight months pregnant with their first child, a girl .
the samples have been sent to a molecular laboratory for further tests .
she reveals bodybuilding gave her confidence to overcome depression .
jones, who became a teen idol in the 1960s, died in 2012 at the age of 66 .
almost housebound and was consuming eight cans of fizzy drinks a day .
his mother had no idea her son was at war in the middle east .
there has been an unconfirmed sighting of luke with police acting quickly .
they were found in various states of decomposition in an area with no other training facilities or connections to the industry .
was standing by new despicable me minion mayhem ride at the time .
higher enforcement as state hopes to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 .
but the hippo's mother charges on to scene forcing the big cat to retreat .
dozens of vehicles abandoned as sections of the interstate 64 closed .
spokesman dismissed criticism and said 'continental is clearly a lincoln' bentley defended donckerwolke and called car design 'an emotive subject' general motors told reporters he 'liked the bentley designer's comment'
seven others also accused after their accounts were used to hold the funds .
received £30,000 in benefits even though she was barred from claiming .
married mother of three said she has mended fences with her family and became a fitness instructor .
train no.
guests can have an exclusive hour of shopping at westwood's store .
but experts told mailonline the activities could be hugely damaging .
the cause of the ceiling collapse is currently under investigation .
mother lynne neatis says she has been battling hospital for it for two years .
mercury set to rise steadily until friday - and rome is expected to hit 16c, athens 16c and marseille 18c .
craft will watch as nasa sends a probe crashing into the asteroid's surface .
the veteran said a care home would remind him of being a pow .
health of hormone receptors is impaired by chronic inflammation .
clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a high-performing coe school .
the stars will shift position as our solar system moves through the galaxy .
on february 7, two teenage girls were sexually assaulted in changing area .
mr childs is the second lib dem candidate to go public on having hiv .
his father claims he was 'driving erratically' because of his asthma .
hayley defied odds to live 4 years longer than expected and died yesterday .
but beliefs drive £13billion illegal wildlife network, the world's third-largest elicit trade behind arms and drugs .
they were charged after police found a .22 calibre gun in their home .
admits she is to blame but does not feel bad about £100,000 nhs care bill .
he hopes living in the hut will help him better understand henry david thoreau and ralph waldo emerson .
blue lancer sunk to the bottom and will need to be retrieved with a crane .
despite this claim, smith says diller is in love with his wife diane von furstenberg, who he has been with since the 1970s and married in 2001 .
despite his admittance, loughlin pleaded not guilty in court on friday to counts of raping a child and aggravated indecent assault and battery .
sea is coldest in east asia with air temperatures of -20 degrees celsius .
dr celia sanchez-ramos has developed one to make light less damaging .
canberra performed second best with a 4.1 per cent increase followed by melbourne at 3.5 per cent and $518,000 .
the 25-year-old tax adviser worked for accountancy firm ernst and young .
mr abercrombie said son had been begging him to perform diy removal .
however, the state supreme court ruled the airport operator had a 'duty' to provide a safe working environment .
she also shared her desires on twitter, writing; 'only thing i'm jealous of is when i see the smiles of shuhadaa [martyrs]' she made her initial appearance in federal court on friday in full black dress with only her eyes showing .
renovators launch £7million plan to save the historic castle .
hood said another man, julius kane, misinterpreted text to twins' mother .
now mr speirs's family are facing having to sell their edinburgh home .
mother-of-two has been forced to survive on $90 a week from centrelink .
dellinger pleaded guilty in february to negligent homicide for their deaths, and to assault for the death of the fetus .
previous studies have revealed mrsa bacteria on notes and coins .
after he was accused of lying, williams wondered if he had a brain tumor .
they have received a total 10 drug-related charges .
but critics will say it is another example of labour's anti-business agenda .
activists say consumers should put pressure on supermarkets and fishmongers when they are buying scottish salmon .
but ipsos mori poll reveals scots prefer a say on brussels to independence .
walker was killed in a single-car accident when his friend roger rodas's red 2005 porsche carrera gt hit a lamppost and burst into flames .
etihad said it is working with ground handlers and 'specialists' to find felix .
others include new types of habitation and small deep space satellites .
other actors who've cashed in include benedict cumberbatch (pedigree), olivia colman (andrex), shane richie (plenty kitchen roll)
sam bailey, a friend of katie's, says star 'panics' when he's with  women .
patented scratch-persistent glass was inspired by rainfall on lotus leaves .
have referred the death to the independent police complaints commission .
manuela just gave you a car!
the leaning tower of pisa is set to become a luxury hotel, says one paper .
magistrate sharon freund believes she may still want to avoid detection .
response has been mainly positive to the new feature online .
white house wouldn't talk about next steps if a deal could not be reached but admitted that a 'military option' was on the table as well as sanctions .
a disciplinary panel has now banned guffick from teaching for two years .
over 12,000 fans turned up to watch saints win the cup at st mary's .
now, school has reversed its decision - claudetteia is able to wear tuxedo .
charles is touring the county to promote his farming and rural charities .
detective superintendent mick plotecki said u.s.'s popular national gun laws and their influence through pop culture, is likely reason for increase .
she shares three recipes from the book with daily mail australia .
she allegedly organised the sex ring with met police officer daniel williams .
further 15 per cent of teachers said they had threats made against them .
miliband has been accused of hypocrisy after his crackdown backfired .
boeing says: 'we aren't providing any further information or comment'
signs of water have been found on some of jupiter and saturn's moons .
but the pair were sensationally cleared by italy's highest court last month .
council claims colour scheme will help elderly residents with dementia .
'god is truly great,' he said as he revealed that he now plans to write a book around his experience .
case was adjourned until may after prosecution asked for more time .
the man, now likely in his late fifties, has never been found .
a council official claims ms caldero assaulted private guards .
the city's aviation director said pilots were notified of the closure and the jet could have landed on an adjacent, 10,000-foot runway that was lit .
but supporters have donated $440,000 to the eatery via fundraising page .
some work in showbiz, while others returned to  everyday life .
source said weinstein also told her he'd be backstage during the show .
investigators said they have found no evidence that the cause of the fire was suspicious .
john-jo pierce and rory somerville both pictured in black tie with cigars .
mariah and nick have been battling about money and custody of their twins ever since .
but after a nervy 24 hours, engineers successfully made contact again .
fbi gave informant a cellphone with the doctored photograph of the inmate who looked like he'd been fatally shot - klans men celebrated .
experts believe facial expressions are used to communicate with others .
already started burning banned items and two christians killed by jihadists .
chepulis, 26, found to have a tattoo of brown's initials on her ring finger .
experts say the pursuit allows those doing it to rediscover their creativity .
apple staff already receive discounts on all products at around 30% .
harris originally was charged with first-degree murder but pleaded no contest in december to involuntary manslaughter .
ottoman army used camels for transportation and as riding animals .
norsworthy has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder .
all he could remember that he was from poland and his daughter lenka .
mrs wakefield said her and her husband could also be fined £1,000 each and she 'doesn't like being told' when she is allowed to go on holiday .
daisy will never be able to see, but cosmetic glass eyes could be fitted .
by 1961, the church had a brick-and-mortar home — a 'walk-in/drive-in church' — and schuller began broadcasting the 'hour of power' in 1970 .
it recommended her local council refuse the planning application because of concerns wall could destroy habitat for rare birds and wetlands .
ornate bed, now on display, was made for king and wife elizabeth of york .
johnson ordered new ones and grew angry, going inside the store .
but claims howell tried to take it, and pointed weapon at him during scuffle .
also a 200-year-old poetry book written by the shah of persia in 1812 .
has developed coping strategies like recognising people's hairstyle or walk .
council finally rules that the hedge can stay - but must be cut back to 20ft .
atlanta-based khaotika, alabama-based wormreich were heading to show .
decommissioned 10-years ago because 'the russians were no longer a threat'
this is the second time asma has been racially attacked in three years .
she says her friend was carrying bacteria on her face and she used the same make up brush on her pimple .
genomes of 83 people found 5 genes linked with diet and skin changes .
he diverted the money into his personal bank accounts and those of family members, they said .
philippine crocodiles are the most endangered croc species in the world .
one in four people in japan is over 65 - with increasingly loose family bonds adding to the isolation of the elderly .
revised indiana law: no one has the legal right to 'refuse to offer or provide' goods, services, facilities or employment to anyone in previously protected classes or based on sexual orientation or gender identity'
mark's identical twin brother, astronaut scott kelly, blasted off aboard on his yearlong mission to the international space station last week .
report says missions fit within nasa's human space exploration budget .
opposition minister luke foley concerned this will impact success of hsc .
bowie did not write the music for the original amid contractual dispute .
today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired in october last year .
officers found the couple inside a master bedroom and martin was dead .
she is said to be very trusting and has the mental capacity of an 8-year-old .
dispute over 'most expensive hedge' could cost £150,000 in legal fees .
peter passed away of motor neuron disease 10 years ago .
after wearing heels from 1pm to 7pm, the six men had painful blisters .
the pair said they learnt how to focus on what humans have in common .
but the couple divorced in 1968 after lennon left her for artist yoko ono .
'he was a poor person who was convicted because he didn't have the money to prove his innocence at trial,' said hinton's attorney .
it is hoped the power will take away the financial incentive behind attacks .
but despite the law being approved, a lengthy consultation process means eu-trained nurses are still being employed without english tests .
'extending the age for routine mammograms would mean more lives saved'
russian media branded ms sumner 'a spy' due to her research interests .
guenzel then buried the body parts in the garden of his bed and breakfast .
a third recalled listening as bill and hillary fought during the monica lewinsky saga, with hillary once calling him a 'g*ddamn b*stard'
people want to live at homes of christian grey, batman, carrie bradshaw .
new initiative aimed at slowing the pace of global warming puts front and center the personal cost of inaction .
afterwards pontiff offered to kiss the feet of 12 of the jail's inmates .
cheryl and ashley - who were married for four years - divorced in 2010 .
det con craig wallace used a pillowcase to capture it and taken to rspca .
mcdonough has also denied the accuracy of paladini's account, but reports of it may alter lawsuits stemming from the tragic june 2013 fire .
autistic children 'have a tendency to 'bolt' when anxious or stressed .
android lollipop already has a similar feature called 'trusted face'
she was released from hospital and has been interviewed by police .
and levels of glycogen in fast food group were actually slightly higher .
police remain hopeful they will find luke, who has 'high pain tolerance' luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused .
china’s first emperor built it to stop invaders crossing the yellow river .
he's been charged with unauthorized use of a movable and operating a vehicle while intoxicated .
lazarus' lawyers are now appealing his conviction .
harron homes admits it is 'genuinely sorry for the inconvenience caused'
one of his dozens of children said he wished he had never met his father .
found those who ate fatty food had slower reaction times and worse working memories than children who ate healthier diets .
trainee officer lindy degeare said stringer took her into a morgue .
parents paid tribute to 'lovely son' who worked at special needs school .
and the typhoon helmet lets pilots 'see' through the bottom of the jet .
she became pregnant despite being told cancer treatment  causes infertility .
nypd officers picked them up at 3am and said they're in good health .
silver has fiercely denied the charges .
if wandsworth trial is successful, app will be rolled out wider next year .
but he has also gone bankrupt financing cosmetic surgery and partying .
no animals were harmed during the writing of this article .
voter turnout hit record highs, with 29.4percent of registered voters going to the polls, up from 12.3percent last april .
age and gender don't matter to millennial academic elites, but they're concerned about clinton extending barack obama's foreign policy .
police have been hailed as 'legends' by her friends for unusual approach .
friends and family gathered for a memorial picnic on saturday -- the day she would have been married .
she's expected to give birth late this year, proving cloned animals' fertility .
lópez, 29, asked friends to take video of stunt and was never seen again .
judge awarded him £7.3 million to pay for his ongoing treatment and care .
ol' dirty bastard is dead so he wasn't involved no matter what happened .
he aims to encourage viewers to interact with nature and help save the planet .
durst, 71, is wanted in california for the murder of his friend susan berman .
but it's more likely to be a fossilised sea creature called a crinoid .
the u.s. soldier killed in the attack has not yet been identified .
'all i want is good karma', ms eden said on social media .
wilson took medical from the broadway play 'fish in the dark' earlier this month but is expected back on stage in may .
booker arrested outside fort riley's supposed 'secret gate' with car bomb .
estrada was serving time for a 2005 rape conviction .
evening dinner party was at the sprawling home of the former new hampshire state senate president, sylvia larsen .
animal welfare group says horses were 'exploited and abused' in event .
police were hopeful they would find luke, who has 'high pain tolerance' he has dehydration and hypothermia and has been driven to hospital .
the boat, which was hosting a 'dirty funken beats' party, left king street wharf at noon .
it is being auctioned by devon-parade antiques and is expected to fetch £85,000 .
they used the hashtag #movingskyewards so others could join in on celebrating the picturesque area .
three first-year students behind invention say it could work for tattoos too .
both jobs should be completed by october or november .
immigration scheme says he cannot live in uk because of his dates of service .
it came on the hottest day of the year so far as temperatures reached 25c .
bond's diy bullet removal left him at great risk of infection of paralysis .
football coach jim harbaugh weighed in and said the team was 'proud' of chris kyle and would screen the film for players .
then in october 2013 she learned it had spread to her liver and shoulder .
schwab was allegedly holding the child when he slipped and fell 10ft into the pit on saturday around 3pm at the cleveland metroparks zoo .
the family raised funds to bring her body back to australia .
drone is size of an f/a-18 super hornet and weighs 44,000lb (20,000kg)
the pastor's defence lawyer claimed ms speirs was a habitual heroin user .
they said the investigation revealed that her husband, bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel, hit her multiple times with an object and then fled .
hernandez will be transferred in the coming weeks or months to another prison in shirley, massachusetts .
rescuer sue burger made an appeal on public radio for help with ozzie .
google execs who have left to work in the white house include obama's chief technology officer .
last may the brand was also criticised for misogynistic merchandise .
wilson took medical leave from the broadway play fish in the dark earlier this month but is expected back on stage in may .
it comes days after boat race spectators were rescued from the thames .
despite the carnage, kit harington, who plays jon snow is in series five .
both munch through 2,000 carrots and 700 apples per year, costing £5,000 .
yadav was found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving in february .
in 2013 the pope seemed to speak out against the vatican's anti-gay stance .
he continues to await word of a last-ditch appeal and teaches the history of war battles to other inmates .
gao appear on chinese state broadcaster last may admitting to a 'mistake'
no members of the british royal family were able to attend the glitzy celebration in copenhagen .
sheriff glanz said he doesn't believe reports that bates' training records were falsified and that he has in intention of resigning over the incident .
he was also told to sign the sex offenders register for five years .
owners recommended to resell '.sucks' domains for around $2,499 a year .
it also carried wounds that appeared to have been inflicted during battles .
suspensions were almost certainly linked to a campaign by 'hacktavist' collective anonymous targeting online jihadis .
their college friend laurel humes offered to be their surrogate .
the police chase ended back in northeast dc where the suspect was shot in a popular strip of bars and restaurants .
three quarters agreed that islam was compatible with the british lifestyle .
family were told on monday by friends via a text message and phone call .
he kept his taser near his chest and his gun on his right side - but insisted the mix-up could have happened to anyone .
rauner would roll the agency into another department .
she alleges he asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his manhattan office on friday night .
juvenile dermatomyositis effects muscles including thighs, hips and chest .
unless prime minister tony abbott decides otherwise, his kidnapping is not listed as a 'declared terrorist event' asio has officially declared abu sayyaf as a terrorist organisation .
he has insisted that he doesn't know where she is .
mother kyesha wood found out about behavior and searched for boyd .
the bbc political editor said he hoped to be back full-time 'fairly soon'
the boy's father chris hill wrote on his facebook account of spears: 'crazy a** woman needs to be beat to death in prison'
decision by police to drop probe branded 'pathetic' by 40-year-old .
yesterday father xiao kunqing was also allowed to donate part of liver .
researchers say the mushrooms may have flavoured the red lady's diet .
but the union has now introduced that the applicant must be a female .
the 12-year-old pet was then found to have suffered three degree burns .
carnival cruise lines hopes to have the cruise-liner dock on wednesday but there are fears they will have to wait another 48 hours .
scott morrison said rules around welfare payments need to be 'tightened' he said immunisation should be a prerequisite to access tax payer money .
shark attacks continue to rise over the course of the century .
the correct answer was puberty and tom's inappropiate reply left him trending on twitter .
couple have now brought forward the wedding and will marry in hospital .
iona called her mother, diana malcolmson, at 3:30 a.m. on monday morning to tell her she was ok .
david cameron is an old etonian, as too is oscar winner eddie redmayne .
letourneau and fualaau started a sexual relationship when she was his sixth-grade teacher and she fell pregnant with his child when he was 13 .
he bought the property in 2010 whilst he was a federal minister for $932k.
the old world record set in 2010 at 1,580 so seems likely it was shattered .
the zoo introduces new foods to challenge and stimulate their animals .
the moment he responded to his mom's voice for the first time was caught on video, with elijah clearly responding .
president obama personally lobbied for release during 2009 beijing visit .
hall, repeat offender, climbed balconies and hid himself in their bedrooms .
perry is now focusing on global expansion in asia and middle east .
one in three australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime .
details have emerged of their indulgent life driving mother's bmw in miami .
stancil has admitted that he partly shot lane - who had been his work supervisor before he was fired last month - for being gay .
autoimmune diseases, including hiv and aids, multiple sclerosis and alzheimer's disease .
he has been charged with obstructing justice for 'giving false and misleading information' and police say foul play is 'a definite possibility'
lillico has now been jailed for 20 months after pleading guilty to fraud .
the images were posted on an instagram account passenger shaming .
lost three stone during epic voyage which used up 16 pairs of shoes .
a scan of her retina revealed heat from the bolt burned a hole in her retina .
the categories include ‘industry at work or play’, ‘nt landcapes’ and ‘best portrait of person or animal’ the competition is run in conjunction with the northern territory cattlemen's association's annual conference .
soward was serving 82 years to life for first-degree murder .
butler told the children to get out, drove off and abandoned them .
he is now campaigning to introduce lemon laws in australia .
he met his 21-year-old 5ft wife evem medeiros through facebook .
had no memory of being pregnant or giving birth after she woke up .
his supporters slammed the decision and have called for a protest .
murray has admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly .
the couple, who married in 2013, met four years ago and also have a 21-month-old daughter audrey .
they have set up a gofundme page to try to find him a kidney and to raise the $75,000 he will need for the procedure and medication .
since april 11 he hasn't been seen and he isn't returning phone calls or texts .
'you're a minority,' mr clarke argued .
both miraculously recovered and have returned to the sport - mr carey back to the site of the near-fatal jump almost a year after the accident .
but judge refused to give woman the £205,000 she wanted to spend on jewellery, handbags and cars .
the model was made in the 1970s and has now been restored in time for the battle's 200th anniversary .
kupstys and his co-accused andrus giedraitis were both jailed for life .
body returned to baghdad today and delivered to the ministry of health .
la-based wilson beach says 'motherhood ain't pretty'
among them are a £1,200 wedgwood bust of the prince of wales .
her accused murderer is the school cleaner, vincent stanford .
retired major general alastair duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit .
the case against koppenhaver, who faces 26 charges, resumes this fall .
consists of mig-15 engine strapped to tractor to act as giant leaf blower .
royal aides confirmed the cambridges will head to anmer after the birth .
mp john mann said those who falsified documents could be guilty of fraud .
they were about to head home  to wigan from hotel don pancho .
junk in the filthy snow included rusted lawn chairs, parking cones, broken bottles and even a dead seagull .
details resemble original plot of hbo's series the wire, based in same city .
ukip said he's held informal talks with tories about post election deal .
de blasio said clinton is 'one of the most qualified people to ever run'
four-month-old girl was released from hospital and turned over on monday to custody of child protective services .
the remarks came shortly before the 72nd anniversary of the warsaw ghetto uprising, which was commemorated on sunday .
parents justin and stacy gillen said they are deeply saddened by the loss .
hussain has been convicted of assault and fined a total of £2,250 .
in the victorian age bungalows were the reserve of the wealthy upper classes were used to escape heat of cities .
plane downed on july 17 2014 killed all 298 passengers and crew on board .
fluid caused her left lung to collapse and she thought she would die .
patrick's head snaps back before he falls and hits head against pavement .
could re-write pre-history, but other experts claim excavation is flawed .
80,000 people have already signed the homeless period petition .
said girl threatened to tell on him for molesting her when she was younger .
walker fired back on twitter: 'americans would be better served by a president who spent more time working with governors & congress rather than attacking them' obama defended the informal agreement his administration made with iran and the shift toward cuba, which it may take of its list of terrorist countries .
terminal bar closed when owner didn't want to pay $125,000 a year rent on property that now leases for millions .
and 58% of countries experience the best night sleep on wednesdays .
engineers are making a concept but it's not certain if the van will be sold .
the aircraft captain revealed that nearly all pilots believe in ufos .
coroner also said there were further questions for the hospital to answer .
the teacher has posted reviews from nearly 400 cities and almost 50 countries .
hernandez signed five-year, $40million contract with patriots after drive-by shooting and played for another season before lloyd was killed .
she also brought up beheadings, a massacre and the martin place siege .
medical professionals say fluoride protects from tooth decay .
they are expected to be charged with a number of offences including the possession of prohibited items, with 'edged weapons' found at a property .
has tapped biggest supermodels and musicians for campaigns and shows .
scientists want to test underpasses and bridges to let chimps cross safely .
the books speak about about mental illness and what it is like living in a troubled family .
report published today concluded they could not have predicted killing .
very few of the $20 coins exist because fdr ordered us off gold standard .
driver of the second vehicle is also being treated for injuries in hospital .
they asked the australian beauty if she wanted to be a plus-sized model .
the company also arranged travel for saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in beirut, casablanca, dubai, new york and paris .
those facing termination include a captain and a sergeant .
but does luxury honey taste different enough to justify hefty price point?
man who called police said someone aimed at him before firing gun in air .
judge said the decision was 'flawed' and 'unreasonable'
the case reignited row over foreign criminals exploiting human rights law .
driver  breathalysed by police as precaution but no arrest has been made .
all three have now been jailed, including the man who pushed mr prasanna .
sussex police is warning dog owners about spate of poisonings in the area .
'we don't know that if (rapiejko) lets him go for another 10 seconds, (valencia) doesn't take somebody out in the parking lot,' rozema said .
blaze is not believed to be suspicious and is thought to have started in ground floor kitchen .
this site is a five-star park at the top end of what's on offer in france .
coles also ordered to display a federal court corrective notice in stores .
thought he may have entered woodland as thought it was shortcut to hotel .
masked jihadis then swarmed on the men and beheaded them with knives .
75 per cent of companies don't know the source of all their fabrics and inputs .
it is the second accident at the controversial plant in 20 months .
she was the muse and model for some of rossetti's best-known works .
it would be world's second longest cycle tunnel, after 4,000m snoqualmie tunnel near seattle, u.s .
extremists are slaughtering innocents in front of their parents he revealed .
he says clip taken on tuesday was 'as close to action as you could get'
the trip took him between 10 to 15 hours to plan and cost him 136,500 frequent flyer miles .
cheryl silvonek's body was found stabbed in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of philadelphia .
in the post the newsreader, 42, also describes ‘working mum guilt’
mr hamilton-miller also took evidence from former auschwitz prisoners .
both wanted for their connections with international drug dealing networks .
little elijah had the fatal genetic disease type 1 spinal muscular atrophy .
court heard while on remand he asked her to 'get things together' for trial .
he said they were an 'under-utilised resource' to help revamp the region .
angry singh branded a section of the media 'presstitutes' after they quoted him .
inquest heard how she refused to accept she had mental health problems .
so far two airlines – delta and alaska – have ordered the new luggage bins .
had initially claimed that she didn't know who the father was .
'people do not forfeit their constitutional rights when they step onto an airplane,' said aclu attorney rachel goodman .
officers pulled them out of the vehicle seconds before a wave flipped the vehicle, pulling it out into the water .
islamic state have recently launched new offensives for the baiji oil fields and the iraqi city of ramadi .
oxford men's rowing team claimed their fourth win in five years .
footage shows group of boys kicking mr racsits in the stomach and head .
certified by guinness book of records, national maritime museum said .
philip was handed a lifeline by local businessman who gave him a new job .
sub contractor botched efforts to give them loft conversion .
a picture of the letter went viral after it was uploaded to twitter .
the sale divided the needham family, who owned the island for 45 years .
stacey has  found out her tumour has grown, while dannii awaits treatment .
tns surveyed 978 adults aged over 18 across scotland between march 18 and april 8 .
the 61-year-old wanted to hand her ring down to her only granddaughter .
the two shared a handshake a nelson mandela's funeral in 2013, which angered some americans .
the case was re-opened in 2011 and he admitted to the attacks .
but gabriel, 28, runs a physiotherapist practice in cape town and has  family  in the city meaning she will have been reluctant to relocate to america .
twitter post received 18,000 retweets and 25,000 favourites .
chioma ubogagu scored the winner for arsenal in a 1-0 win .
footage was captured in ski resort in val müstair, switzerland .
high court overturned  gagging order and ordered rojo to pay £25k costs .
pair met in perth in 2011, where they live with their three dogs .
simon's recent tour with sting is thought to have propelled him to top spot .
about 70-100% of rabbits die once infected with calicivirus, which damages the animal's liver and gut and causes haemorrhaging and bleeding .
isle of man police has confirmed that they are looking into the incident .
prices range from a 'modest' £2,000 ($3,000) to £120,000 ($177,000)
two men were jailed for eight and four years for the brutal attack .
huge search launched over 20km of river to try and find missing woman .
dunblane now waiting for what is being dubbed scotland's royal wedding .
shoppers facing stealth price rises in what economists call 'shrinkflation'
australian celebrities cheyenne tozzi and nic westaway to help launch it .
elder jerry tarkanian, a hall of fame coach, died in february, aged 84 .
mack will get own room until she decides whether to give baby to a family .
the injections are the second stage of gender changing treatment .
he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 .
third inmate, ricky jackson, received $1million in march .
used 'cake' as code in text message, but mr thomas did not understand .
a large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams .
stoll's charges include possession of class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances .
in the series martin short plays a dermatologist called dr grant who has a shock of white hair and flawless skin – almost a mirror image of dr brandt .
party denies using interns and said the group are actually volunteers .
mr rickard, 72, said he acted 'instinctively' to save their beloved pet .
john dory and red mullet may replace haddock, plaice and lemon sole .
it took two decades for the truth to be revealed .
the pirates issued a statement saying she had regained consciousness by the time she was taken to hospital .
but in one final attempt she put in another appeal, which was dismissed .
kelly, who volunteered as a high school wrestling coach in his spare time, leaves behind a wife and five children, all under the age of nine .
the man refused to stop and got in the face of solis' friend, who clocked him and left him passed out cold on the side of the road .
they print their own stamps, wave their own flags, and mint their own money .
his headmaster described logan as a 'loved and valued young student'
the prime minister also posed feeding orphaned lambs on easter sunday .
illinois state associate head basketball coach torrey ward was also killed .
now mr connolly, who lives on the sunshine coast, is helping raise her four-week-old baby boy .
no one could believe it when cody turned out to be white after hose down .
child was only given water which ultimately caused him to die, police said .
it also explains where some rare-earth elements came from .
last week, scotland yard released cctv a day after images were revealed in the media .
muslim figures praise the move and say demand will be high .
man, 23, charged with aggravated burglary and grievous bodily harm .
jessica suffers from rare condition pica but doctors say they can't treat her until she is six years old .
another failed to investigate kkk infiltration in the ranks of his department .
ms taylor allegedly committed stabbing with friend sean ball, but then turned on him as the two were fleeing police .
naturopathic doctor lara briden shares natural remedies for period pain .
he apparently told her she had made a mistake when she became pregnant with dealer silvio eboli's child, new book into his life claims .
he is said to have told her he hoped her cousin was 'as sweet as she looks'
three inmates were evaluated and sent back to jail and two deputies were being evaluated for ringing ears and exposure to the hot blast .
he will appear before magistrates next month to face the charge .
surgeons were preparing to amputate when antibiotics began to work .
the newest royal is expected to have a big long term impact however .
feltham named as the most violent prison in england and wales last year .
both have sisters, and say they don't look similar to either of them .
police will contact authorities in holland for a background check on accused killer, vincent stanford, who was charged with murder .
he has now celebrated his first birthday surrounded by family and doctors .
police said no crime was committed when the mothers reported the man .
she posted a note on her diner window inviting them in for a free meal .
two assassins, or 'sicarias', before her are behind bars .
irish brothers barry and patrick lyttle hoping to return home soon .
police force could now be forced to pay out millions in compensation .
the promising centre-back has played for wales u19, u17 and u16 .
officers now hunting gang of masked raiders accused of the horrific attack .
the mother-of-six said that she and her husband, stephen, had given up on ever having a daughter - their first is due in august .
they are told: 'we look different.
acting commissioner of west australian police, stephen brown confirmed there was an internal investigation underway .
customers took to social media to mock the campaign and express their anger with what they saw as a marketing ploy by the company .
deacon denies harassment without violence against kidulthood writer .
the 'foam surrealism' pieces are shot on the south coast of nsw at kiama beach through to gerrigong .
the show will open in stockholm in sweden in january 2016 .
jackson byrnes and his family have used crowd funding to raise money .
and reports from inside the company say a spilt can of coke was to blame .
judge orders him to pay back £2.2m or face another ten years in jail .
authorities refuse to comment on whether the incident was gang-related .
strong pound and weak eurozone is 'acting like straitjacket' on exporters .
most pictures and videos found online were on websites in north america .
swimwear is among the cheapest to buy at $45 .
former couple previously tried to use surrogate to have children twice during their relationship, but procedures failed, according to the lawsuit .
both jailed for minimum of 21 years with the rest of their lives on licence .
new polls suggests the former first lady is slipping behind leading 2016 republican candidates in vital swing states .
car had no front number plate, front bumper bar or working headlights .
they want to find him to identify the girl and her abusers .
jackie's account soon fell apart, and rolling stone commissioned review .
the legal age of criminal responsibility in england and wales is ten .
he has already been replaced by chris slade on the group's 'rock or bust' world tour due in australia in november .
but they survived a war and many moves and job changes during marriage .
is still facing charges over an alleged threesome she had with the same student and fellow teacher rachel respess, 24 .
boeing 787-8  was bound for cancun after leaving london gatwick .
and criticised coca cola's sponsorship of the london eye attraction .
it means dark matter may not be as oblivious to our universe as we thought .
andrea, 72, pays for a facelift - but her husband can't tell the difference .
osborne says that as ex-pupils of st paul's, the 'attack sounds a bit thin'
people can be seen holding the girls down so others can punch them over and over again, while the crowd laughs and cheers .
along with ventilation and flow on and activity-based designs .
animal sanctuary ol pejeta trying to raise money to help pay for guards .
inquest hears that the power supply was not clearly marked as dangerous .
president jacob zuma has called for an end to 'shocking and unacceptable' attacks on africans and south asians .
transport police said schoolgirl's death is  not being treated as suspicious .
photographer captured the moment a brave man stood up to the neo-nazi .
a source claimed during the recorded conversation set up under the watch of the nypd, he did not deny touching her .
though there are several abandoned villages in the zone, the most popular site to visit is the ghost town of pripyat .
after sunday's incident they were forced sign a paper pledging not to leave them unattended .
also published their names, addresses and social media details .
defense claimed luna only meant to scare lane, not kill him .
taubman was fined $7.5 million and spent about a year in a low-security prison in rochester, minnesota, but long insisted he was innocent .
serbia's exit festival in petrovaradin fortress in novi sad is best value .
children from one to six years old can go up a shoe size in a few months .
read the full interview in this week's issue of woman, on sale tuesday 14 april .
made sure messages to each other reached their destination amid chaos .
owner said 'family were really excited to see the advert'
her parents want to see cyber bullying legislation be taken seriously .
caffè nero has more fat than mcdonald’s quarter pounder with cheese .
report a blow to the party's attempt to show voters economic competence .
ms calvert, whom he divorced in 1973, died in 2014 after battling dementia .
completing the deception, models rested on bench painted to match skin .
oxford university-educated lawyer has admitted to six counts of fraud .
harvard took off and sutton clung to the hood of his car for 11 miles .
team of 12 doctors helped to deliver the babies by c-section .
but the split before remaining embryos could be implanted, it is alleged .
child was at a convention in anaheim, dressed in star wars merchandise .
when buchanon finally had enough his mother asked for $15,000 instead of a smaller house whose upkeep she could afford .
while they are no longer used, many lie forgotten until they are found by arrow-hunting fans .
these increases the contact angle for liquids to 170 degrees causing them to form spheres and roll off .
it was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 but the price has since been cut down to $149,000 .
a person was arrested in the case but no details have been released .
she claims they have a 'great sex life' and his womanising days are over .
he has been married to his wife since 1943 and has a 70-year-old son .
police are reviewing security arrangements for anzac day events in britain .
showers predicted to hit london on sunday as tens of thousands of runners take part in the london marathon .
hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh .
gofundme page set up for family has raised $20,000 over the weekend .
firefighter miguel meza who dove into the water in san pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero .
jet airways said no one was injured and reports of a fire were false .
so far 40 people have done the service compared to over 500 people visiting space .
only when she was warned she was killing herself did she seek help .
claim woman was shot at and concerned someone will be seriously injured .
police urge anyone who may have been abused by coyne to come forward .
but new measures introduced by george osborne set to close loophole .
he was ‘mentored’ by us president bill clinton when he started in 1997 .
family are now trying to make his short life is as full of joy as possible .
garza was pronounced dead 26 minutes after being injected .
ms marson is a fitness enthusiastic who competes in ironwoman events .
colorado state graduate has been fired from washington animal clinic .
doctors predict she will not live a year without new lungs .
it is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy .
boy was thrown out of school at 11 for possessing cannabis and a knife .
drug caused the elderly patients' hearts to fail and eventually killed them .
he has been jailed for 16 years after pleading guilty to three counts of rape .
it comes as police will contact authorities in holland for a background check on 24-year-old stanford, who was charged with murder .
finding neverland is the same play weinstein gave model ambra battilana a ticket to .
areas are hidden away from passengers behind concealed doors on the lower deck .
but the high-performing school refused to confirm nature of allegations .
hit her on the head with a rock 20 times before dragging her into a garden .
she is the daughter of a second world war flying ace shot down during a bombing raid on germany in 1943 .
and he said he hopes 'clear' app will ensure others don't suffer same fate .
adviser to obama said friday: 'we don't have a formal meeting scheduled at a certain time, but we anticipate they will have a discussion tomorrow' u.s. state department has now recommended that cuba betaken off the list of countries that sponsor terrorism - obama is likely to approve .
monday's warrick farm card will be moved to wednesday .
the men had planned to run down a police officer and kill him with a knife .
cynthia cheroitich, 19, had feared police were gunmen but emerged today .
she hit boyfriend's ex on head and arm but prosecutors dropped charge .
i'll own up to that,' he now concedes .
the cardboard garden ornament sold at auction for a surprising £29,000 .
he credits his mother, a nigerian immigrant and physician, for his success .
sheriff warns he has not yet decided whether a jail term is sufficient .
even behind bars, police say ouimette kept his influence - accepting a weekly delivery of as much as $600 worth of booze and food to his cell .
vincent stanford, a cleaner at her school, has been charged with murder .
he was jailed for fours years, eight months at manchester crown court .
the great-grandmother-of-13, accelerated, and rammed the attacker .
if spread out it would cover the surface in 3.6ft (1.1 metres) of ice .
while she had been nervous about being a mother, being a grandmother is 'pure joy' - and has made her think about all children's futures, she said .
the firm’s bosses received £250,000 in bonuses last year .
ms walsh said she has found the owner and will meet 'the joe and jenny' for breakfast in noosa on sunday .
five people have now been charged by officers from operation winthorpe .
totton the got into car, mounted pavement, and rammed front doors .
she believes she stayed safe by being friendly and joking with kidnappers .
karmel is in australia to launch nutritious children's food range at coles .
the conservatives only scored 36% in the general election in 2010 .
general medical council said no case to answer but reviewing its decision .
the victoria cross is the highest military honour an australian can receive .
avoids jail but receives suspended term and 70 hours of community work .
it is now available to buy from marks and spencer for £18 a bottle .
the truth about medicine, 9pm bbc1, april 9 .
the court heard the victims' daughter, 7, was asleep upstairs at the time .
it comes just two years after man died in similar circumstances in village .
an 18-year-old from birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of murder .
was pronounced dead at the scene about 4.10pm .
mcveigh was executed by lethal injection in 2001 at the age of 33 .
it has had 1.25 million views and been covered by media around the globe .
mother-of-one's story featured on tattoo disasters on channel 5 .
no-one has been arrested or charged in connection with the hit-and-run .
father is now calling on local authority to take the issue more seriously .
cord shouldn't be routinely clamped ‘earlier than one minute from the birth'
darien, a wealthy new york city suburb, has a median income of $200,000 .
the movement of bodies may have helped create a sense of equality .
instead the guests had to make their way to ms scott's memorial service on the couple's big day .
the gang have now been jailed for a total of 30 years at birmingham crown court .
norman, 24, is now being detained indefinitely under the mental health act .
akers-belcher claims he has actually been sacked for whistle blowing .
and the tech could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce .
she was given suspended jail sentence after admitting one charge of theft .
believed math teacher catherine engelhardt had touched her daughter, 12 .
busy week for royals with birthday celebrations for queen margarethe ii .
she's watching me' on monday, his wife alicia tried to clarify bobby's statement saying 'she has made it out of icu and opened her eyes' a source close to the houston family shared that they 'have no idea where bobby is getting his information' the 22-year-old only child of the late whitney houston was first hospitalized on january 31 after being found face down and unconscious in a bathtub at her georgia home .
competition comes less than three weeks after boston bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty of terrorism for explosions at 2013 finish line .
tourist, in her 20s, had to be rescued in cambridge after toppling into the water while punting with three friends .
residents say the water at this time of year is 'precarious' as it is so cold .
that baby was baylee almon, who had turned one the day before .
swan, which still has many brown baby feathers, said to be son of asboy - which has also terrorised punters .
margo leadbetter was made famous by penelope keith in 1970s tv series .
he later emerged calm but was taken to hospital as a precaution .
his mother shared a photo of him in hospital in a bid to deter others from taking drugs; the post has been shared more than 337,000 times .
conscientious objectors are people who oppose vaccinations for personal or philosophical reasons despite knowing the risks .
after the crash and cancer treatment richie benaud was walking daily with wife daphne .
when offered food, police said the skin-and-bones senior 'ate like a starving dog'
doctors are amazed at how well he is doing considering his four-day ordeal .
scientists speculated it is because women's reasoning is more emotional .
the running back in set to make $12.75million this season with the minnesota vikings .
knowles has now clocked up nearly 350 offences in his lifetime .
royles painted an appeal for a donor on the rear window of her car .
the campaign made it's way to brazil, chile, europe, russia and malta .
it was removed and experts warned  leaving caps off inhalers is dangerous .
teen's boyfriend, james smith, 49, was jailed for life after 1996 murder .
funeral to be paid for by dallas safari club, where he was a popular figure .
each jailed for five years and four months at birmingham crown court .
they claim 6% of people learnt their matches from the fisher-price toy .
'dad was a f**king **hole to do that to his family,' says james in a new interview .
but she can walk and talk - and her sense of humour is intact .
but despite being agreed in parliament it has never been implemented .
they will be offered discounts to buy their properties, giving an extra benefit to those who currently occupy flats in mayfair for cheap rents .
the photo was posted on april 3 to promote soho's easter club event .
coroner has ruled that the gap year graduate's death was an accident .
police have warned anyone caught with the money will be arrested .
thanks to a social media campaign, biso the cat is now finally free .
she previously led a gypsy girl gang who carried out campaign of terror .
apologized for spreading rumors that 'served to shame and humiliate her' during a hearing one of the boys said he 'missed audrie a lot' pair will also have to give presentations on 'sexting' and 'slut-shaming' the trio stripped her naked, drew on her and attacked her during a party .
officers have now been granted more time to question the man arrested .
spacewalks were in preparation for commercial spacecraft arrival .
ukip candidate janice atkinson was replaced after expenses scandal .
jackson named alongside angel agarrat, another alleged fraudster .
vast hoard ranges from cuddly toys to cornflakes made in japan .
nawaz can be seen repeatedly trying to make contact - which is against venue's policy .
34-year-old is alleged to have offered hyde fc's scott spencer £2,000 .
told police he used a knife 'like the one michael myers used in halloween' 25-year-old pleaded guilty to the brutal slaying in court on thursday .
more than 20,000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices .
ironically, the couple don’t actually know for certain that they are having a boy .
wray faces up to 15 years in prison and could be disciplined by school .
herbert given nine-month sentence for dangerous driving; has since died .
but some experts warn the site in sussex will be difficult to exploit .
health experts say there is no scientific evidence to back up the claims that the paleo diet helps ms suffers .
police are concerned for her welfare and have launched an investigation .
mexico requested to retire name odile and odalys will be its replacement .
he faces four years in prison for crossing a no-fly zone and is under house arrest in florida before a hearing in washington d.c. next month .
weight-loss surgery followed and now julia weighs just 11 stone .
survivors left feeling suicidal and in need of psychological support .
distinguished from other glass frogs by its eyes, which look like kermit's .
the internet and rise in drone use could explain why there are more ufo sightings than ever, experts claim .
experts have described cheapest deal ever of its kind as 'astonishing'
stunt comes with mi5 busier than ever battling terrorism and rise of russia .
since then she has battled the disease nine times - four times in one year .
the teen confessed to the arson and murder but alleged sexual abuse .
the shocks continued as she found out she's expecting triplets .
mailonline probes resort where 30 bears have been killed in three months .
thursday's event appeared to be a reaction to a day of silence events for bullied lbgt students held the previous day .
teddy expected to sell for £10,000 when it goes under hammer at bonhams .
she launched a social media campaign to beg sheeran to visit her .
collection had been kept at the smithsonian .
suggestions include giant robotic ball has another magnetic robot on top .
she served a few months in jail and fell pregnant with his second child within weeks; she was then sent back to prison for seven years .
going agreed, and in february they signed court papers to officially make davion her son, which should take effect april 22 .
the app is available now for both ios and android .
hillary clinton will visit the school on tuesday in the first semi-public event of her presidential campaign .
instead bosses offered brother a picture of his headstone overseas .
the true winner of the race was a woman named angela karl .
video 'shows two men raping unconscious woman on florida beach' authorities say hundreds of people walk past but don't intervene .
water is important for the search for life - as life as we know it needs it .
played volleyball at rye high school in rye, new york; her 2013 graduating class lost three people in less than a year .
set up a meeting with the seller and then stalled until police showed up .
victims said they had travel documents taken and were forced into sex .
anti immigrant violence has swept across south africa in the past week .
scientists urge hospitals to find more environmentally friendly alternatives .
scans revealed passages rated high for arousal activated parts of the brain associated with emotion, including the left amygdala .
anger that the almond industry has been left to expand its orchards .
he says it's tongue in cheek but at least it's getting the message across .
because pham contracted ebola while working for the hospital, remedy should be worker's compensation claim, not civil court, hospital said .
they both appear to be overwhelmed with emotion during reunion .
nypd investigation launched to judge if officers used 'excessive force'
high-risk groups in australia will be able to get free flu shots from april 20 .
all employees cited 'safety concerns' in their resignation letters' mrs byrd and the outgoing mayor randall ramsey insist they do not know why they decided to leave .
currently just a concept, the designers say it could be available by 2027 .
javier bardem and russell crowe rumored to be interested in the lead .
police are searching for the teens and say they will face assault charges .
shot in thailand, the video appears to show a nile tilapia fish .
mumia is serving a life sentence after years of appeals won him a reprieve from his death sentence in 2012 .
the main rate has been brought down by coalition from 28 to 21 per cent .
but it will not apply to certain tourist locations including five-star hotels .
singer to ask audience at sydney concert to sign petition against company .
phillip dickens, owner of furniture supplier, was given suspended sentence .
this is apparently smith-walker's second arrest in recent months for a crime involving her car .
chloe jackson, 19, said facebook makes her feel lonely .
mr miliband reacted with fury, stating david cameron should be 'ashamed'
children's father says ms guode 'didn't feel herself' as she was driving .
other tips include: clear the clutter to make you home appear bigger .
she complains that the ad suggests people who use bags have brought the condition on themselves .
friends raised alarm after she failed to return home on sunday morning .
macdonald, who appeared on the jeremy kyle show, meets his conquests on buses - and claims two of his children were conceived on the top deck .
30 minutes later ambulance was called to station to take him to the hospital .
the carer exploited the 'vulnerable' childless widower, his family claimed .
presenter waleed aly apologised for the mistake later in the program .
labour's yvette cooper blames the increase in waiting time on tory cuts .
his friend gareth dewhurst is accused of assisting in disposing of body .
however dna profiling confirmed it was an omura's whale .
page told ginneti her 'sexual hunger' had devastating consequences for two families .
finlay denies two charges of wounding and grievous bodily harm .
all three of the major political parties have called for an inquiry .
last week, tsarnaev was found guilty on all counts related to the april 15, 2013 bombing at the boston marathon finish line .
gov.
the 25-year-old contacted authorities to say she was safe and well almost 24 hours later .
parking charges and fines made councils in england  £667million last year .
both dogs have now been destroyed on the advice of police .
mr arwani was a preacher at  london mosque with extremist links .
sword fanatics from as far as canada have bought the expensive replicas .
roxy jacenko's three-year-old daughter attended two mbfwa shows .
meanwhile intense fighting between iranian-backed rebels and saudi-led coalition rages on in the embattled nation .
but renewal would not come cheap with the cost for a new 90-year lease estimated at between £3.35 and £4.5 million .
insisted he would not expel eu migrants after meeting a hungarian worker .
faces probe over claim he did not give information to macpherson inquiry .
kurti's co-defendant was jailed for 10 years for manslaughter and robbery .
former top gear presenter was sacked by bbc after 'unprovoked attack'
the stylish 740 square-metre, four bedroom, converted residence will go to auction on 16 may .
ms bialek's husband pleaded for help in finding his wife .
police have released an image of 'a man that may be able to assist with their enquiries' comes after two separate suspicious blazes were lit on march 30 .
police said female cyclist did not stop and urged her to contact officers .
police discovered a body in nearby bushland on friday afternoon .
the claims are made in the new biography elon musk: tesla, spacex and the quest for a fantastic future .
family said they were relieved his body had been found in a statement .
has thrown 173 completions, 17 touchdowns and nine picks in 35 games .
each day mr tabone would sit on the croc's back while chatting to him .
mormon church will not baptize anybody who has sex change procedures .
after sunday's incident they were forced sign a paper pledging not to leave them unattended .
tex approached satine and comforted her before holding her hand tightly .
he declined to answer questions in appearance before spanish judge .
mee, 46, denies carrying out a string of rapes and sexual assaults .
seemed to be attempt to dissuade him from suing over his dismissal .
cartersville is about 125 miles away from macon, where duane allman died .
it is now being held in khan yunis public library while the issue is resolved .
zimbabwean president apparently preparing daughter bona to replace him .
aiming to become the oldest briton to complete the six-day ultra-marathon .
but when asked if he was a patriot, hughes said 'no i'm a mailman' he spent two years planning stunt to protest campaign finance laws .
history of the world in 100 objects series inspired by museum collection .
he ended the tournament tied for 17th, his best finish in over a year .
it allows those with foreign links to be taxed only on money entering britain .
credits it with his remarkable recovery and is now cancer-free .
jennifer bush said in a statement that she believes her mother never abused her .
the 21-year-old broke the 36 hole record on friday and is 14-under-par for the tournament, 12 strokes ahead of woods .
when bettman asked during the shoot if luis wanted to try any more poses, he dropped on one knee and popped the question .
state officials are seeking to terminate blair's parental rights to her two children, as well as the parental rights of her children's fathers .
families are warned to use suncream if they are relaxing outside while firefighters issue warning over fire risks .
drivers in china often reluctant to stop at accidents for fear of getting sued themselves .
laughed off her title as "the most dangerous woman in britain" in a recent daily mail front page, asking: 'do i look dangerous?'
slager can be heard telling dispatcher 'he grabbed my taser' after shooting .
i got out there and there was no hole dug,' mr gee said .
he claimed men with shotguns kidnapped him, stole $2,500 and then left him tied to the tree for several days .
dressed in his white tropical dress uniform of the british army, he also visited the australian war memorial .
the first #thedress debate was sparked by scottish student caitlin mcneill .
he had 92 videos of the victim - 29 taken from the bathroom at nashville international airport - and 1,527 photos .
paramedics later found 50 bruises on girl's face, torso, arms and legs .
miss faal says it has set her back in battle with debilitating agoraphobia .
fbi tracked him to cancun where he was partying with a german woman .
if convicted in federal case, the 3-year-old could face up to 40 years in prison .
one third of households don't budget for technology or wildly underestimate how much they will spend.
researchers have called for films to be rated by alcohol content .
he claims he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long indian eyelashes' and joined the organization of black students .
he pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for the cats at the property .
ms rimer said the last 20 years have been like a 'life sentence' for family .
alleged kidnapper's neighbor said the woman had told her she was pregnant with twins but that one had died during birth .
the pm has today embarked on whirlwind tour of all four nations of the uk .
he was found 'poorly, thin and grumpy' on julia hill's doorstep last week .
shoals keep fish safe in large numbers because they confuse predators .
'it is challenging to me that women comprising 20 percent of congress is treated as a real success.
however, further research is needed to confirm that is the case .
vergara denies this but says she doesn't want to use them, either .
he said he moved to britain in 1999 for freedom and democracy .
owner says safe return of seven-year-old dog has left her 'over the moon'
the family are staying at the marivent palace royal holiday residence .
the dolls will be sold for $34.95 after the promotional priced ones are gone .
google boasts a 90 per cent share in europe's search engine market .
any nuclear agreement with iran must also be approved, corker says .
couple from bradford found guilty of animal cruelty and jailed for 26 weeks .
in their eight-day trip, filmed for tv, they are visiting a host of historical sites in the culturally rich city .
liam bell, 19, marcus morgan, 21, ashleigh evans, 26 and 22-year-old trea richardson, all from west midlands, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to rob .
elderfield, 41, denies murder and claims dobinson accidentally walked into the knife .
in 2012 solange knowles claimed she had been racially targeted for a pat-down because she wore her hair in the afro style .
ms bartter, 19, died from a suspected ecstasy overdose in november .
statistics have been revealed by washington dc's pew research center .
ruling comes nearly a year after stiviano's recording of donald sterling making racially offensive remarks that cost him ownership of the clippers .
children's father says ms guode 'didn't feel herself' as she was driving .
nik wallenda has walked over the grand canyon and over chicago .
but nelson was using the picture to send-up homophobic attitudes .
professor hawking, 73, appeared on film alongside professor brian cox .
hudson died in 1985 of aids .
temperatures in the remote region can reach upwards of 50 degrees .
younger people may be straddled with 'funeral debts' due to higher fees .
if it sells at that price, it will break the record for most expensive upper west side co-op ever sold .
the 34-year-old has full custody of her son with his father out of the picture .
the lake will either be drained or the fish removed using electroshocking, where an electrical current is put in the water, paralyzing the fish .
spoof @queen_uk tops the lot with 1.25m - more than the real queen .
campaign has raised £13.5m for breakthrough breast cancer's research .
celebration was to 'maintain staff morale' as the council was closing down .
after the video emerged, the officer was arrested and charged with murder .
'she was a very friendly and cheerful girl,' reverend williams says .
kendra suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when workers arrived, and was pronounced dead shortly after at a nearby hospital .
with huge support from low-income community, his neighbors will be hard-pressed to block the proposal .
david miscavige allegedly prohibited the private investigator from helping his father during a medical emergency .
about 400 such halls still stand — many unused and decaying .
brought her back to the shore after managing to grab her by the collar .
stressed out parents can head for the woodland spa while their little ones play sport or do art classes .
and a score of 31 or above is a considered a sign of 'great eyesight'
she was left handcuffed in a pennsylvania cemetery following abduction .
admits she finds eating for paying customers 'an ego boost'
she was found badly decomposed in boninovo bay .
the butcher vehemently denies he was rude to or swore at her and says the woman is a 'troublemaker' out to ruin the business .
abdul-jabbar was diagnosed with chronic myeloid leukemia in 2008 .
he said it had 'always been a dream' to ride the famous tour de france .
can only imagine the pain his fam feels .
popular in the life of brian and 1980s pop songs, now the whistle is out .
previous guests include bill clinton and antonio banderas .
she was with her parents for six days before returning to the church .
he said: 'they're like a giant meccano set really, and so beautifully simple and reliable they just won't let you down'
scientists believe the drought has caused animals to take bigger risks .
prosecutors say she shot dead harris, from whom she was separated, after hearing him making a call to a love interest .
couple have two daughters aged 12 and four, and a son aged 15 together .
ex-white house aides have said it is inconceivable that president obama did not know .
as he was led away, deputies began yelling, with one saying 'drop it, drop it' the courthouse was placed on lockdown , and faville was later found dead of a self-inflicted wound .
video of the cute promposal has over three million views since being posted to facebook on tuesday .
comes just weeks after pair reunited following split over mr prudham's indecent facebook messages .
three people were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl .
in another incident, a second house was seen floating on a nearby lake .
people who took pain reliever didn't know they were reacting differently .
he ignored the request and charges were filed against him days after his wife died last august .
adoptive mum now in custody after incident that sparked outrage in china .
defense experts said spell did not understand the case against and was mentally unfit to stand trail .
a £400,000 repair is being carried out to rectify the damage underground .
early investigations show death was a 'tragic accident' according to police .
police look at personal and financial ties as possible motivation for killing .
'he was a nice enough sort of bloke, clearly a loner,' neighbour says .
but minutes later he appeared at her front door after having survived the crash and made his way back to english shores to see his parents .
her mother - who had been on the phone- was said to be inconsolable .
girlfriend michelle bird jailed for two and a half years for assisting an offender - but acquitted of murder .
the poem details the romance and engagement of ms scott and mr woolley .
judge jails landlords for a year each telling them it was lucky no one died .
the death penalty phase of his trial begins on april 21 .
he is currently training for his new job as an air ambulance pilot .
chase ended almost an hour later after one officer lightly tapped her rear bumper to send car into a spin - a pursuit intervention technique .
the londoner's family has been informed of the discovery .
she 'gets a kick out of' her job, which includes hearing the secret fantasies of thousands of men .
graham stole more than £800,000 from ms brown  to fund his love of supercars and a lavish lifestyle - but has been ordered to pay back just £1 .
they will not be identified until the arraignment on monday, officials said .
defence lawyers said they would launch an appeal against the convictions .
comes in the wake of a number of high-profile gun tragedies in the us .
drove along the amalfi coast to a buffalo farm in pontecagnano .
comedian said he didn't have many regrets, but one was not pushing donald rumsfeld harder when he had the chance in 2011 .
dewitt has been suspended from his $105,000-a-year job and banned from campus .
police confirmed that the 34-year-old perpetrator in the video has come forward and been interviewed under caution for the alleged assault .
experts scoured boat and said weapon 'was found to be purely ornamental'
notoriously risky horse auctions often see animals being sold for slaughter .
on the fifth floor - devoted to math and science - guests stay in rooms themed after astronomy and dinosaurs .
military experts will this month publish book entitled the rise of hitler .
at a public memorial today her casket was placed in the arena and at the site where she made her first basket, with items from her basketball career .
although not yet open to the public, you can now 'adopt' one of the zambi pride to support the non-profit facility .
married mother-of-two gregory is now likely to receive a lengthy jail term .
mr bucknell said he will campaign for rule change about eating at meetings .
just last month, craig walking cooly through smokey debris moments after a massive move magic explosion erupted on a mexico city street .
and it is 'laughable' halloween villain michael myers survived stabbing .
a $1,000 reward is being offered information about the pet's injuries .
the sec said allen and daub paid about $20 million to investors but received only around $13 million in loan repayments from athletes .
vinyl sales now account for 2% of revenues .
clarkson also described yesterday how bored he was with unemployed life .
landlord seen being led away from home in madrid suburb of majadahonda .
but the idea was not a commercial success and the patent ran out in 2003 .
but some 'exotic physics' is also needed to explain what's happening .
miliband warns it would create a £7billion blackhole in scottish finances .
mason will repay every penny of the money he stole out of his pension pot .
local young people priced out and services struggle to survive .
the video revealed council workers had been discarding bin bags in alley .
said there's no scientific proof his 'miracle' weight-loss supplements work .
kim kardashian, kate middleton and katie holmes spent millions on theirs .
she was just a number of women he dated from the same privileged clique .
married manager told her to come over when his wife was away .
this would create auroras to study - and even types of lightning .
‘we believe artificial gravity is required to support long term living in space,’ bill kemp from uss told mailonline .
casey veal opened up about the pain she lives with since her son's death .
he gave them to rommel after the general helped retrieve his stolen hat .
emotional mr cain sheds tears as he looks on image from the 1920s .
latest revelation casts further shadow as clinton begins white house bid .
mr rennie, who openly admitted the libdems had broken a promise not to raise tuition fees, cautioned miss sturgeon against breaking her promise that last year's referendum was a 'once-in-a-generation' vote.
claims marine park use chlorine 'many times stronger than bleach'
hernandez was convicted april 15 of the 2013 killing of odin lloyd and received a life sentence .
cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood has announced a full investigation .
her son was found under rain-soaked pile of leaves on friday night and police say he would have died if passers-by hadn't spotted him .
he's outraged at how friend and fellow dj paul gambaccini was treated .
amie says she couldn't choose one over another to live or die but favours alex .
consultant warns case - which saw parents ignore medical advice to take ashya to prague for proton beam therapy - could set a worrying precedent .
most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives .
hits out at rival's 'sanctimonious rubbish' about standing up for the many .
case against mr phillips was dismissed but restraining order was imposed .
cargo includes first espresso machine designed for use in space .
second man, 61, arrested tonight on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .
they will pay for her to visit the gold coast and their mosque for a day .
seconds later, mr heneker discovered the man was an ex-colleague .
but after a judge threw out their claim they face legal bill of up to £260,000 .
school district have said they will not suspend him as it's a 'health issue'
he died a week later from spinal injuries; how he received the fatal trauma is still under investigation .
the mission will be humanity's first ever visit to the dwarf planet .
officials wonder if these people should be given more detailed information about the dangers of working as informants .
before paramedics could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards again .
claim 'academically gifted' craig wasn't being stretched at state primary .
put in animal containment box and taken to animal care & control center .
the findings transform the view of neanderthals as unsophisticated brutes .
officers discovered the bodies at the home in the eastern suburb after the woman's sister called police .
a muslim student showed the document to her parents who contacted the council of american islamic relations and they complained to the school .
the duchess of cambridge's official due date is the 25th april .
reverend jonno williams says funeral will be held on wednesday .
warns that crime has gone up in the area while availability of armed police response is down .
admitted drugs possession at court and will be sentenced next month .
plastic jesus says the signs aren't meant to target the kardashians specifically but the obsession with reality tv stars in general .
poldark kept his shirt on for the whole of sunday night's episode .
move also includes free checked baggage on all domestic flights .
he ruled out standing for the conservatives in kensington .
the home-swapping site says nearly 60 million photos are uploaded to instagram each day .
dj's lawyers said he 'categorically denies each and every allegation'
thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an army psychiatrist who is now on military death row .
french ministers admitted scheme to introduce a homemade label failed .
but five environment agency flood alerts are in place for devon, cornwall, somerset, bristol and lancashire .
jenkins was convicted of shooting dead four people in 10 days after he was released from prison in omaha, nebraska, in 2013 .
uber is also donating $1 to the page when people write uberpartnerken into their app when requesting a ride this weekend .
act was 'so blatant' it caught the attention of undercover police officers .
made using soft-bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology .
valle was arrested in 2012 for plotting to kill and cook women but was released in july .
but magistrates took just 15 minutes to find ms gaynor not guilty .
he was eventually served after a ten minute standoff with an employee .
prosecutors said he led them to the location of her body in two areas .
that man was able to escape and found two men outside a nearby home who called police .
gray lapsed into coma and underwent extensive surgery at trauma center .
66-year-old must now demolish the four-bedroom house worth £1million .
friends say that is not the reason he took his life .
on thursday, accused intruder joshua corbett had a hearing in la court .
lib dems are most popular smaller governing party in hung parliament .
yellowcab driver told them not to 'make me out to be an a**hole'
collections featured  metallics, jewel tones, rigid lines and new textures .
natasha and rhodri attempted to stay together but divorced in 2013 .
one leg was laying next to him under truck'
outlines how isis would infiltrate villages through recruiting spies .
but when officers arrived to question him, braddock tried to run away .
general election set to be the first to break the £100million betting barrier .
blood came from astronaut's hand while trying to close the hatch in space .
says it's 'painful and awkward' to be forbidden from letting her hair grow .
six government troops and one rebel fighter dead after clashes overnight .
there is also space for submarines, supercars and jetskis on board .
pleaded guilty to dishonestly claiming benefits and has paid back money .
they warn new macaque is threatened by hunting and habitat destruction .
the 38-year-old was caught after a neighbour heard the pet 'screaming'
also has launched 'save the pub' campaign to support ailing pub industry .
police have said that blanca may have been 'unhappy with her life'
the 19-year-old was called a nightmare by a magistrate last year .
authorities said the situation was brought under control by the afternoon .
now terrified of forgetting her daughter holly, 17, as condition will worsen .
sprouse was high on meth, but his insanity defense was rejected and he was sentenced to death in 2004 .
local expert cautions against bringing wild animals into the home .
another gang member was found guilty while three others admitted similar charges .
friends of the victims were trying to fight officers at the scene .
duchess is thought to have ordered £18.95 pots of pink paint .
reagan's advisers edited out mentions of aliens in subsequent speeches .
rios said she would move to canada if hillary clinton became president .
she has won the right to reopen their divorce battle in the supreme court .
her father michael remains under the care of medics at his home on lake geneva following a catastrophic ski accident in the swiss alps in 2013 .
he was questioned and ordered to delete the photos - but he refused .
but a year after her release in 2004, they married and are still together .
found by alyssa murray, who posted online and was able to return it .
'he went from a man to a monster,' ms pekin says of her alleged attacker .
it is not yet known whether this was done for food or in a funeral ritual .
but miss walford fought them, claiming the property was hers to retire to .
judge at crown court sentencing says his behaviour  was 'outrageous'
clicking this button will remotely call the handset and help locate it .
she only appeared as extra on the set in a crowd of 1,500 .
jury was presented with steele's letter written before slayings claiming he had had threesomes with ashlee and kacee .
a large porcelain vase is the key to the success of preserving bodies .
facebook post has already been shared by more than 23 thousand people .
pettingill's father, trevor, linked to infamous walsh street murders in 1988 .
michele, who is also a social worker, says it was her adoptive daughter's idea to write the letter because she is grateful for her new home .
one tried to put out flames with hands; another threw him into snow bank .
magistrate told mr mascitelli his actions were 'embarrassing'
corry 'corey' campbell, 21, believed valecce had harmed his cat .
wife lindsey rogers-seitz wrote in a letter asking for leniency that her husband is an amazing father .
the baby was born 'quickly' in the traffic .
had been boss less than six months after arrest of vicente carrillo fuentes .
last year staff at eight schools refused to teach badly behaved pupils .
incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival are explained .
public alerted to dangers in water as jellyfish arrive early off coast and firefighters issue 'tombstoning' warning .
teacher and husband wanted caesarian but allegedly persuaded not to .
it will be produced by sydney-based company put it out there pictures .
sedway was told the airline was concerned she might collapse on the plane .
the edwards made history as the first couple to get married in the hospital .
bigamist even gave an identical platinum ring to second wife philippa, 30 .
london has 425 members of pr staff working across its local authorities .
in a year she went from 12st 7lb to her slimmest, 8st 7lb .
the 54-year-old was today jailed for a total of four years and eight months .
nejad was then arrested and jailed on friday for five years for the rape .
call handler got no response and so the call was not connected to police .
lost 16.5st with meal replacements and has now set a date for the wedding .
janet street porter and her other co-stars leapt to her defence .
the bronx woman plead not guilty to two fraud charges friday .
scientists say it could reshape ideas about how our own species evolved .
but stancil's mother said it was not true and that her son is 'rattled' police are investigating the killing of lane as a possible hate crime .
while it may look like regular tea it is his own purpose-made tea .
is now at risk of being banned from seeing them thanks to feckless ways .
both spent prince george's birth camped outside st. mary's hospital .
shiva later complained of a bad stomach ache and started vomiting blood .
he says that despite being declared innocent last month the victory was bittersweet .
21-year-old is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice .
and spiralizers to create vegetable spaghetti can help boost weight loss .
mrs miliband said she and her husband are not interested in 'kitchengate'
doctors said she risked severe infection and scarring if she didn't act right away .
menendez, the chairman of the senate foreign relations committee, has pleaded not guilty to the charges .
emergency crews arrived 30 minutes later to free her from railings .
procedure at ucla's ronald reagan medical center was successful and aides said she is 'fine' ambrosio, 34, had posted on instagram yesterday about how much she was enjoying coachella saying: 'what a wonderful world.'
target, bonds and big w are very interested in hiring aboriginal models .
ms bines and husband steven evans sold their shares in company .
carr wanted to stop her telling the police about sexual assault claims .
police raided his home in december 2012 and he will be sentenced friday .
the 25-year-old cage fighter has strenuously denied the allegations .
instead of building masts google is said to be looking at becoming a mobile virtual network operator (mvno)
police hunting the two suspects in connection with 'unprovoked' attack .
primate has drink and remarkably spills very little liquid .
he is now set to begin offseason workouts with the cleveland browns on monday .
police released footage of their swoop on monk's alicante villa .
before they raced off ms waterford convinced him to pose for a selfie .
if former teachers and testing coordinators accept deals, they would be given one year of home confinement and a $1,000 fine .
he is set to break the previous record held by an australian by 24 hours .
unfortunately for him the entire incident was caught on tourist's camera .
travolta insists he has 'loved every minute', it is 'misunderstood' and it has helped him get through hard times over 40 years .
transits of the moon, venus and earth are also seen - and a comet breezes through the outer solar atmosphere .
apache gunships also blasted  55,000 30mm rounds at the insurgents .
were you affected by the food at the sutton arms?
scientists conclude sugar consumption 'may relieve stress in humans'
22-year-old hated being associated with him thanks to tattoo .
branded decision by local cps lawyers a 'grave failing' and a 'great regret'
authorities also believe they have been sold on the black market by the terrorist group to fund their atrocities .
dan's father ran and embraced him, causing the pair to fall to the ground .
he was arrested for battery and is never allowed to ride the bus again .
the company says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emojis for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean .
in addition to brennan's home, the hingham condo of benjamin young was searched and bomb-making materials were also found .
the mother-of-eight plans to appeal the decision by rochdale council .
raiders were forced to flee in getaway car and they are all in intensive care .
another predicted that 'she's going to be, like, talking s**t' and would 'push some emotional thing on us' a third said clinton 'seems like, kinda like a control freak' one more said 'i hope people don't vote for her just because she's a woman' school has cancelled many classes tuesday to accommodate clinton, the secret service and the press hordes expected to show up .
it won the top award at a prestigious international science competition .
todd and his children - five daughters and two sons - had not been seen or heard from since march 28 .
dr clare balysz cited australian law which enforces fencing around pools .
free care for the elderly introduced and tuition fees scrapped .
to find out more about max, call the dogs trust on 0300 303 0292 or visit dogstrust.org.uk.
couple believed dogs were gentle and wouldn't have attacked birds .
clams anyone can plug a laptop into the box underneath their seat and reach key controls in the plane, such as engines and cabin lighting .
the half-a-billion heist remains unsolved and fbi has never  come close to finding thieves .
changing diet trends such as low-carb are also pushing sufferer figures up .
critics say labour is being bound by union paymasters after manifesto .
now weighs eight stone and is keen to share her story to help others .
they carried out tests and found she actually had an 11lbs (5kg) tumour .
rodney stover, 48, was arrested on wednesday in connection to the rape .
the policewoman has been praised on chinese social media for her incredible bravery .
snyder's body was found in a local river near to her home in pennsylvania .
he now works as a mental health advocate trying to destroy negative stigmas and encourage open and honest conversation without shame .
he went on to have successful proton therapy treatment abroad .
tournament organisers then saw he had wrapped a phone in toilet paper .
tennis star andy murray and fiance kim sears tied the knot this afternoon .
the home's heating and hot water systems all use renewable energy .
the same group withdrew a campaign last year comparing women to meat using the slogan 'we've got the best racks'
family hopes body can be used for research - or she can one day live again .
he feared there would be outbursts after the verdict was read out .
also charged with attempted murder of another child who was also in car .
video 'shows two men raping unconscious woman on florida beach' authorities say hundreds of people walk past but don't intervene .
the 1kg product remains off supermarket shelves until further notice.
columbia said it 'is committed to the principle of academic freedom' university has not removed tv celebrity doctor from his faculty position .
the 14-year-old has not been allowed to attend classes for three days .
there is a market for bull semen because it helps farmers on transportation costs of putting a bull and a cow in the same pen to breed .
woman came forward after another former student wrote an online essay accusing koetters of acting inappropriately toward her .
describes snowden as america's most famous 'hero and/or traitor' snowden, at moments, is stunned into silence by the line of questioning .
over a seven year period firm spent £29million flying executives across the world .
sam, 12, is not eligible however because age restrictions state that entrants must be 18 years old .
they she had yet to check in, and was going to give money to her brother .
vikram pathania is a lecturer in economics at the university of sussex .
judge describes the case as 'distressing and unpleasant' as he jails oap .
slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston .
brutal attack was led by hitman jamie marsh-smith, 23, nicknamed 'freddy' he was jailed for 38 years for the shooting, the murder of eren's cousin and crime boss zafer eren and a botched attempt to kill his own getaway driver .
authorities said the pair who died were related .
she compared treatment of aboriginal people to south africa's apartheid .
he appeared on the talk show to promote game of thrones' new series .
laura has spoken of the pressures on young girls to be a size zero .
has been claimed delay was because she wanted to try and land a film role .
police allege the men planned to target an anzac day ceremony .
brontosaurus had a thinner neck and slightly different bone structure .
miliband poster compares him to kate asking jack to draw her in titanic .
even attempted suicide, but has fortunately made a full recovery .
tsarnaev faces either life in prison or the death penalty .
is first player since greg norman in 1996 to have lead after each round .
clinton apparently shaded the truth to seem more authentic with her argument that illegal immigrants should have more legal access to jobs .
condition usually caused by a blow to the head, stroke or a tumour .
he later joked to the cotswolds crowd that he was 'trawling the job centre'
audio has surfaced of michael slager, 33, laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the shooting .
amused viewers took to twitter to say how much they enjoyed the clip .
the 52 negatives were sold for £36,000 at auction to an unnamed buyer .
school apologised and said investigation has been launched .
the fantastic colours are the result of sunlight streaming through the glacial ice .
hundreds swarmed the streets of west baltimore on tuesday at the site of gray's arrest and then marched to a police department .
thames valley police 'extremely concerned for the safety of this family' anyone with information should call thames valley police quoting reference 342 (19/4).
she also did not publicly object to passage of don't ask don't tell and the defense of marriage act as first lady under her husband's administration .
he and seinfeld were also photographed filming a segment for seinfeld's acclaimed comedians in cars getting coffee online series .
mr heslop has been released on police bail until july 30 .
veteran teacher is married and has three sons .
engineers hope the groundbreaking aircraft could be used on 'motorways of the sea' in the future .
cargo includes first espresso machine designed for use in space .
more famous faces with unlikely doppelgängers include johnny depp, emma stone and kate moss .
allyn hutton, the superintendent of the local district, admitted that parents should have been first notified .
but israel institute of technology says impactor was similar to earth .
labour says osborne has put middle income families 'in the firing line'
reportedly rode bus to nyc with hamza ahmed and tried flying to istanbul .
bereaved parents are disgusted that their suffering is being dragged out .
three of the men were stopped in november trying to fly out of the country, but were only charged this month .
wildfires in siberia have been raging since march 19, leaving 30 dead .
stancil lists 'white power' as his interests on facebook and has white supremacist tattoos, including an '88' to signify 'heil hitler'
threat comes less than a month after germanwings plane was deliberately crashed into mountain in the french alps killing all 150 people on board .
toxicity of immunotherapy means children often need to be sedated .
mccarthy, 51, was found guilty of murder at norwich crown court today .
will appear in court on may 8 and is facing up to four years in prison .
catching and releasing a shark is a legal sport in new zealand .
the trial was previously delayed because lolita grayson had leaking breast implants .
but he was apparently well enough to sign his name in a note to the lords .
mr. pearce says he opened up about his double life in an effort to raise money to buy his students books on go-fund-me .
the marrickville man fronted parramatta local court on sunday morning .
report's authors propose the cabin could have been used by russian settlers farming in the area to support fur traders in alaska .
robot created by father and son team arthur and mo kreitenberg .
remarkable drawings put to auction by his son expected to fetch £300,000 .
larger planes have private sleeping quarters for flight attendants .
addictive substance is known to lead to violent mood swings .
wilcox repeatedly said 'shoot me', but the cop constantly refused .
21-year-old adams, from north west london, has a 32jj bust .
he has been arrested and charged with assault following the incident .
fall of an empire: the story of katherine of alexandria hits cinemas today .
others decided to try their hand at windsurfing on a skateboard .
products are being sold at  shops, a cinema and in two vending machines .
'digital seasoning' can also help drinkers enjoy wine by up to 15% more .
police said house was full of black widows, rats, feces, bottles of urine .
his comments caused a race storm that left itv 'shocked and appalled'
the columbia journalism school has been conducting an independent review of what went wrong in erdely's reporting .
he has now successfully had the op in new york - thanks to a us charity .
she told a balinese court that she wanted to 'teach a lesson' to mr ellis .
her family have spoken out to defend the mother, saying she was told she had six weeks to live and chose to give up her life for her unborn daughter .
munro jailed for five years, thompson for three years and four months .
experts hope find could profit the farmers who grow cocoa .
serbeck's defense now argues jury gave him a long sentence after being led to believe he was shot while out looking for more girls to exploit .
college campus was systematically evacuated as swat teams arrived .
the cause of injury is likely a victim of animal cruelty .
resident carolyn ross admitted to police she was expecting the package .
43-year-old had jumped queue and admitted he 'knew what i was in for'
it includes nods to buddy holly, charles manson and martin luther king .
she pleaded guilty to one count of fraud at the old bailey on friday .
a family was found to take care of him within days of the posting .
came after  chris copeland and wife were stabbed outside new york club .
ministers in britain have drawn up battle plans for any possible invasion .
former flying squad chief john o'connor believes there could be a link .
while some viewers are suggesting the cloud was an alien spacecraft, experts think it could have been caused by nearby factories .
mrs hatch's sister betty was murdered in 1971 by mental health absconder .
police said the girl is still in a critical but stable condition this afternoon .
it brought with it a cold front and heavy rain that damaged buildings .
the mother found her son in the car and tried to resuscitate him .
mrs martin, 37, was diagnosed with inoperable brain cancer five years ago .
scientists have long debated whether butterfly eye spots were an example of batesian mimicry or if the patterns simply served to confuse predators .
the mother-of-five had hidden the pregnancy from friends and family .
she is calling for better policies and procedures for the transport of pets .
officials confirmed today that charges of espionage against them dropped .
employee of the year gets a gold crown and a free holiday of their choice .
hours later niki gave birth to their son, blaise .
his veteran cbs colleague announced he was stepping down last week .
analysis showed the strains all descended from a single strain that begun causing infections during the late roman empire between 396ce-470ce .
his 'my name is chris' campaign helped raise money needed for treatment .
a car fire was reported at the same time in the parking garage, and police are investigating if the two incidents are related .
davis, 35, will be released on licence after serving six months in jail .
miliband has ruled out a coalition with the snp but not an informal deal .
police are investigating and have arrested girl, 20, for supplying drugs .
jola siezen is an  acrobat who performs around the country .
police are pursuing the latest charge despite her victim withdrawing .
police have not yet released a description of the suspect who stole the car .
toby had 'stokes' written on his shell so the couple tried calling every stokes in kent before reuniting him with wendy 11 months after escape .
leheup appeared emotional after being cleared at blackfriars crown court .
now, mr webb is urging people to take time and not make rash decisions .
last year it emerged his wife was divorcing him on grounds of adultery .
it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .
other senior politicians said nhs trusts should be 'hauled' before mps .
the executive branch wants them to support the pact, and, at the very least, not to meddle in foreign affairs .
now, he is able to walk unaided and is happy he can wear skinny jeans .
he writes that he was 'ashamed' that his wife ever 'felt like she doesn't have just as much right to our income as i do' nelms said his wife has worked since she was 14 and he wanted to make sure she felt appreciated .
quit his job to be house-husband, says it's 'the best investment' his wife shreya, 34, now supports the family as a recruitment manager .
she is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and a stylist in 2007 .
and rising acidity 'dealt the final blow' to an already unstable ecosystem .
the puppies were handed over to police, who let family go with a warning .
van dubbed 'scooby' in homage to the scooby-doo cartoon show brought clinton to iowa from her new york house .
local police then re-posted his facebook message with: 'his luck ran out'
the supermarket has apologised and offered her a £40 voucher and refund .
other bostonians weighed in on the planned dramatization .
she used her private medical cover to see a spinal surgeon, robert lee .
officials say the couple stuffed heather mack's mother's body into a suitcase .
the video was posted on facebook in a bid to track down the women .
for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk, call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here.
total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter praising the tories .
truong's sister was arrested for kidnapping tran and his mother, with the help of the toddler's grandmother, 65-year-old vien nguyen .
he has been charged with a 3rd degree felony and has been suspended from school for 10 days .
mcdonough pleaded not guilty at her first court appearance in january .
police surrounded the house and evacuated nearby properties .
got lost on piste and fell down cliff after taking off skis to try and find them .
his wife described how he stuffed watches in socks shortly before death .
detectives believe she was murdered, but body has never been found .
sukumaran and chan's fate rests with a court that  that has previously recommended an option of a life sentence for reformed inmates .
stars including drew barrymore and mimie elashiry attended us launch .
she took the items while she was employed at cirencester park .
kim has had her transplant and is now recovering in hospital .
construction workers were installing sidewalk on the bridge at the time .
man was rushed to hospital with life-threatening head injuries .
claims were thrown out by judge kenneth marra last wednesday .
the foundation's reliance on funding from several  governments that suppress dissent and women's rights sparked criticism .
langley tells daily mail australia that reaction so far has been positive .
barrientos allegedly described her 2010 nuptials as 'her first and only marriage' she is reportedly divorced from four of her ten husbands .
protesters are angry about  foreigners in the country when unemployment is high and wealth isn't distributed equally .
friends have claimed that staff on the boat deleted the last photos of her .
death has left parents shannon and kris confused over how quickly he fell ill .
ware accepted responsibility for three homicide by vehicle felony counts .
bankruptcy rates are the same of the rest of americans .
i've got a ticket'... man was then handed over to the chinese police .
bird is a hospital government relations official who interned with barack obama's 2012 presidential campaign .
study of idea will have a $90,000 budget if approved by legislature .
on monday, the jacksons appeared in new jersey federal court for their second trial .
operation yewtree detectives have been busy examining the old files .
days before her death doctors said there was nothing more they could do .
and concludes it's not a steel at all, but is instead a metal matrix composite .
she asked to be discharged and is expected to be tested later this week .
he taught her about training techniques and nutrition .
providence won the national championship 4-3, the school's first title .
the pair said they always wanted to find one another but didn't know how .
despite her misdiagnosis, the mother-of-three insists she feels no resentment or anger about her doctor’s life-altering mistake .
an inquest found he jumped from the roof while suffering 'intense stress'
they left behind a hellish scene in a baghdad traffic circle where bombed out and bloodied cars littered a street strewn with bodies .
he had told friend about the idea while in the pub just days before stabbing .
researchers at the natural history museum in london believe cannibalism may have been regular part of disposing of dead relatives at the time .
but new study of its language identifies playwright as the true author .
the pair are both getting their tattoos removed and remain friends .
'we were horrified such a nimby culture existed in cammeray' they said .
'he had enough weapons to provide a small army means to wreak harm,' said police commissioner thomas krumpter .
building is now a five-bedroom home, currently on the market for £625,000 .
larry kramer claims that many historians don't have 'gaydar' and couldn't recognize gay attributes .
he shouts 'i get it.
he was arrested on charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer and resisting with violence .
last week france passed law banning excessively thin models .
there are more searches for loch ness than any other uk institution, and google's doodle also marks the occasion .
he also raped tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead .
campaigners branded the payments were ‘scandalous’ and ‘unacceptable’
in nearby burundi, youngsters are being housed in special accommodation .
styles include frosted pastels and liquid gold frames .
social media users claim the game stigmatises people with problems .
callum wants to raise funds for heartkids australia and awareness of the impact of children's heart disease .
island sighting more than 5,000 kilometres away from the then-search area .
she was left heartbroken after her dog, mitzy, was taken and re-homed .
previously users had to search through pages of text broken up by links .
each gun costs a staggering £300,00 to make - but is on sale for just £4,500 .
web users link the incident with the monster sandstorm attacking beijing .
here, the conditions may be suitable for life to flourish, scientists believe .
it was previously thought that nomadic people simply abandoned them .
they designed it as part of an art exhibition to display items bought by the robot over the dark net including trainers, a passport scan and cigarettes .
but mr andrew said they would not be engaging in combat on front lines .
baby's mother could be heard screaming on the back porch on sunday .
fox was arrested at euston station after he was seen by member of public .
hundreds who use getflix, unlock.us or unotelly will be affected .
hironimus later changed her mind, giving way to a long court battle .
coroner records misadventure verdict and praises soldier's bravery .
astronomers have found 50 of these rogue planets in the past 15 years .
but most recent escapade has won the mountain lion a legion of new fans .
she sticks to a healthy diet and also goes swimming and cycling .
you will be missed forever and in my heart even longer' on live with kelly & michael the 44-year-old said, 'he was a great man'
they've been rebuked for eating food some clerics consider forbidden .
indirect costs account for $169 billion for 'impact on victims' quality of life' over 750,000 americans have been injured by guns in the last 10 years .
the group were also concerned because of the film's dark message .
four days later he died in custody, and allegedly told family about ordeal .
the chance discovery made when unknown molecule was found in mice .
frank is helping police with their misdemeanor criminal mischief investigation and his attorney claims michelle threw something at his van .
suit alleges bandmates stole his remains, guitars, artwork and a gold record .
police say search of nsw bushland is reaching the conclusion stage .
smash is scheduled to be euthanized on saturday by thurston county animal service .
tests suggested she had high levels of mercury due to amalgam fillings .
the cosmetic artist then pulled a half eaten cockroach out of her mouth .
he was under supervision of a youth offending team since december 2013 .
byrne believes it's time for women to be taken seriously in the industry .
kumagai has the support of police and is an 'official drink-drive patrolman' kamen rider was a popular japanese superhero series airing in the 1970s .
amongst the keepsakes, are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge .
it also comes with 'intelligent management system' that controls current .
london-based nicholas oakwell created a vintage look for the rosewood .
but el niño, a blob of record hot water in the northeast pacific ocean, could also be driving up temperatures .
he later emerged calm but was taken to hospital as a precaution .
internet users have branded drivers as 'irresponsible' and 'spoilt rich kids'
bbc slammed for turning the suffering of millions into a 'children's game'
ms fernando insisted her comments had been taken out of context .
but the tories said labour the warning marked a 'new low' for labour .
then engaged in an elaborate scheme to cover up the crime .
mrs nicholson has passed away at home, five years after dementia onset .
my friend.
daniel, five, added to row by saying spartan kitchen was 'best' in the house .
it comes days before greece is obliged to pay off 450million euros of debt .
fortunately, siblings rallied against the drug's effects and are now at home .
both men received $4000 fines and had their passports confiscated .
critics claim that the card encourages a false sense of security for undocumented immigrants .
remarkably the obese (with a bmi of 30 plus) did even better .
some commentators say the images have been digitally exaggerated .
his first wife's sister-in-law, grace rishell, said that henthorn took out a $400,000 life insurance on her .
critics branded prescriptions 'ludicrous' at time of financial crisis for nhs .
baby l weighed just two pounds when he was born and though he is still in the neonatal intensive care unit he now weighs over six pounds .
the unsanctioned bust appeared in the park just hours after hbo aired john oliver's interview with edward snowden .
he also greeted carlos arredondo, who helped save his life .
farmers need buyers for 'premium' pig parts after chipotle takes shoulders .
'i’m actively showing them what it would look like if that became law and how completely ridiculous it is,' says carnes .
he also said there were signs of costa's decline in the lead-up to incident .
births of her and her sister never registered and girls 'did not go to school'
he was convicted of causing the animal unnecessary suffering and given a seven week suspended jail sentence and banned from keeping animals .
stop talking sh*t or we'll f***ing rape you c**t' social media users have criticised the page as shameful and insulting .
she now faces federal narcotics smuggling charges .
it allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't .
also facing university code of conduct investigation into the incident .
sunday's murder was city's fourth homicide of 2015 and first youth killing .
food industry experts believe shrinking ploy is becoming more common .
she had hormone injections but stopped treatment after 2 suicide attempts .
sedway was told the airline was concerned she might collapse on the plane .
same victim claimed she became pregnant at 14 after she was gang raped .
both tsa employees have been fired but criminal charges were not filed .
a snap of the queen photo-bombing a hockey player went viral last year .
the morley's are passionate about raising awareness about achondroplasia and making the world a 'kinder place' for floyd .
family say post-mortem exam found no sign of cancer in the grandmother .
whittington was 'filmed hitting a toddler in the face so hard that he falls' he is believed to be the boy's father, will be in court on april 24 .
dossena was informed by police on april 10 that no further action would be taken in relation to the incident .
dashcam footage shows scott running from his car after being pulled over .
film will be shown but with forum for discussion to follow the screening .
his daughter, yaretsi miranda, 2, died along with yordi miranda, 8 .
photos were taken of her throwing letter and over the fence and running off .
digby, who was perilously close to death, has taken on a new lease of life .
controversy surrounds its sinking as some believe it contaminated waters .
liverpool manager suffered defeat by aston villa in the fa cup on sunday .
staff took half an hour to free henry as they searched for the keys .
he wrote on his twitter page that he believes he deserves a second chance .
north wore white baptismal gown in keeping with tradition .
lubitz sought information online on various methods of taking his own life .
the family are celebrating every day they have with angela .
the mayor now wants to hold a convention for twins to boos tourism .
attacker and owner, sarah reeves, given 10-year ban from keeping animals .
conviction part of cambridgeshire police's probe into child sex offences .
police will contact authorities in holland for a background check on accused killer, vincent stanford, who was charged with murder .
the footage was captured by at whipsnade zoo .
backless dress revealed a set of sharply defined back muscles .
giants tesco and asda losing overall share of the supermarket sector .
he began at the political affairs show 'face the nation' in 1991, asking direct questions to politicians in a texas twang .
the footage was filmed near the ancient pilgrim site of st simeon's church, around 60km from the syrian city of aleppo.
briel was charged with first-degree murder and abduction .
bilal al-berjawi and mohammed sakr died during drone strikes in 2012 .
st ignatius' college riverview notified its old boys last month that former student had sex abuse allegations .
hundreds of people flocked to a park in shakopee on saturday .
photos are set in london, new york, moscow, paris, istanbul, shanghai, tokyo and more .
later switched back and old etonian was ordered to remove the tweets .
the mother of two was caught in strong currents while snorkelling .
immigrants wielding machetes have clashed with police as they hunt for locals that targeted foreign shop owners .
if true, the change will be significant enough to warrant apple calling its handset iphone 7 rather than adding a traditional 's' to the iphone 6 range .
now the youngest girl's family has filed a lawsuit accusing the sheriff and a deputy of using rebecca's death as an 'opportunity for media attention' the sheriff's office said the claims have 'no merit'
just one day after  30 ethiopian christians were shot and beheaded in libya .
love is a top student and has a full scholarship to jackson state university .
he said owen had been cleaning out the garage when she got into a fight with wright .
police are now appealing for information to help them catch the raiders .
admitted burglary and was jailed for two and a half years at minshull street crown court .
no one injured in incident which occurred on last day of easter holidays .
an airline spokeswoman described the special flight as 'very romantic'
dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
he had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years .
davidson's wife, plastic surgeon dr terri halperin, was seven months pregnant at the time with their fourth child .
lib dems are on 7%, the greens 8% and nigel farage's ukip 10% .
he is first u.s president to visit the country since ronald reagan in 1982 .
15 asylum boats and 429 asylum seekers have been stopped since 2013 .
three-judge federal court panel will hear the former governor's appeal on may 12 .
the ditch is almost always dry according to the family, but was filled with water because of the recent rain in the area .
royal collection trust called the vote for industrial action 'disappointing'
beat pepiot by a tenth of a second at track event in eugene, oregon .
black immigrants more likely to have college degree and have a higher income and are less likely to live in poverty than the us-born population .
john travolta has slammed the documentary and said he would not watch .
forensic teams have already dug up 20 bodies and expect to find far more .
he was told by doctors it was too aggressive to operate on .
victim rushed to hospital with stab wound, where he was declared dead .
police cannot bring charges as age of criminal responsibility is ten .
eight judges rule russia did not breach the 45-year-old's human rights .
search aircraft with infrared equipment have examined an area of 625 square kilometres, however no trace of the couple has been found .
comes amid reports the £35,000-a-week player is not happy at liverpool .
as the officer accused him of a seatbelt violation .
but she was then told to appear at court and fined £304 plus £200 costs .
spice is bought over the counter, usually marketed as incense or potpourri .
campaigners, police and mps have accused her of ignoring victims' rights .
his pledge is a victory for the daily mail's block online porn campaign .
his cousin organised the event at amnesty international headquarters .
and male colleagues won for the third time running in the 161st race .
bell has a history of leaving her young children unattended, prompting neighbors to call the police on a previous occasion .
footage captured by nbc helicopter on thursday, sparked outrage online .
eight-year conspiracy continued even after gang was arrested in 2011 .
the former presidential candidate strongly denies all of the allegations .
'lose some weight, baby girl,' mchenry said as she walked away .
the man, currently in the birmingham city jail, is expected to be formally charged on monday .
it is likely to fuel the debate for lawrencium to be in the main body of table .
species include lemurs, sumatra tigers, blue whale and the red wolf .
coleman is being held on $750,000 on attempted murder charges .
they fear he could try again to flee the country and has already soon willingness to walk away from $100,000 bail .
affects a third of women and is often mistaken for thrush, but can cause fertility problems, miscarriage, premature labour and raise the risk of stds .
it was then, 85 years after his death, that their love affair was revealed .
and lightning also seems to happen more often closer to the equator, owing to the hotter temperatures .
they bought the norman park property in brisbane's east in 1994 for just $384,000 .
literary critic craig brown was nominated as arts reviewer of the year .
southampton itchen candidate said: 'i could be the first politician to win a seat in parliament based on sausage rolls and jaffa cakes'
paul barber only learned about his son's funeral after it had taken place .
she gathered towels and delivered the baby in the family's front room .
hundreds of locals - including children - gathered to watch public killings .
footage shows him precariously balancing on rope as reptiles watch .
her second husband 'banned hatch from funeral for breaking his wife's heart'
she is now set to receive $250,000 covering both legal fees and lost wages from an arbitration ruling .
they are feared to be threatened by growing bushmeat trade in the area .
the taxi company were able to provide costa with his wife's location .
incident at lowell correctional institution under investigation .
has 'no idea' where she got the tick bite which must have been attached for 36 hours in order to transfer the disease .
the total market share of the ‘big four’ fell to its the lowest for a decade .
saunders stole £35,000 from pwc and was jailed for six months in 2007 .
investigation is under way by the department of health and human services .
manhart posed for raunchy military-themed playboy spread in 2007 .
group contends land is significant because herbert hoover fished there .
the café is located in hangzhou, which had 154 days of smog last year .
mr macrae is now backing the tories - and wants them to beat his old boss .
they accused thirteen group of trying to improve conditions for visitors .
he donated money to found the discovery park of america education center and tourist attraction in tennessee and it is still expanding today .
she was arrested on friday afternoon by police after a warrant was issued .
family were told on monday by friends via a text message and phone call .
he asked for emails under the data protection act but was refused .
stroud visited ford's home to apologize to him face-to-face but ford told him he was not able to forgive him .
police located a body believed to be ms scott at a national park, the night before her wedding day .
game of thrones producers opted to film at thingvellir national park .
miss lawrence was reported missing by her father in york in 2009 .
american investors lodged their votes to get rid of the bbc trust chairman .
wikileaks founder julian assange defended actions and said the documents were already in the public domain .
allen was previously jailed for six years for fraud and money laundering .
cotterill was jailed for 12 weeks and ordered to not contact woman again .
ambulance officers will only enter the park under police protection .
todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep after a power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home .
despite that she is described as working full-time on her father's website .
could be used in warehouses to lift heavy items up to 77 lbs (35kg)
last year, miss carvalho had vaginal surgery to 'restore' her virginity .
avoids jail as judge says she suffered 'momentary abnormality of mental functioning'
his neighbors and friends said he was loved by all within the community .
in an exclusive interview with cnn, she described life with the rapist who is now her husband .
same gang believed to have also hit neighboring businesses during spree .
the 43-year-old father of two is being held on $15,000 bail after arrest .
it comes as the department plans to cut 500 jobs by june this year .
her rabbit darius is 4ft in length but he will soon be eclipsed by his son .
hazeltine, married father of four, is in stable but guarded condition; he is at risk of losing his injured eye .
but cullum was spared jail today and was handed a suspended sentence for harbouring a killer and perverting the course of justice .
two of her old daughters spoke up for their mom in letters read in court .
the k-9 officer responsible for over 250 narcotics arrests .
in it he called the brave teenager 'an inspiration to millions'
also said that darth vader was a black man and a 'really bad racial stereotype'
ms scott was brutally murdered just days before her wedding .
'brother orange' then invited him to the country and the two met up .
price and release details have not yet been announced .
she agreed to be rescued after police talked to her about her daughter and was taken to elmhurst hospital .
sheriff's officials said the 25-year-old accounting student suffered a gunshot wound and drowned .
each shared their experiences of having an embarrassing name .
75.2 percent of women ages 20 to 24 percent were childless last year, researchers found, up from 71.4 percent .
he flew in to give talk at aerospace conference about plane vulnerabilities .
preliminary hearing in los angeles is deciding whether knight can be tried .
findings released to coincide with equal pay day to show gender pay gap .
paris, hawaii, venice, norway...and disney world all feature .
facebook is now admitting ad was not 'in violation' and ban was a mistake .
depicts kaden as an angel next to a devil dressed as uncle sam .
engineers have attempted to extend the mission by using up its last fuel .
she claimed he told her that if she 'f*** with him', then 'he will f*** with me'
sir david was called the 'man with no shame' for refusing to quit his job .
clinton was, however, photographed pulling her own suitcase down an airport concourse .
staff member handed over the cash which the robber placed in the bag .
finding could make it easier for humans to live on mars in the future.
of these, more than a third ate more than 12 meals out every week .
released to be deported but is refusing to leave in fear he'd be killed .
he said that being forgiven would give him 'a little bit of peace of mind'
she was aged between 25 and 40, about 5'4' and had her hair in pigtails .
prank came after he claimed ms petrinova's dog was in washing machine .
in the seaside resort of porto a 16th century genoese tower stands guard .
morales had to turn in his gun and badge and  lost his security clearance .
the typical home is now owned for over ten years before it is resold with melbourne homes being held longest .
mom demetria harris said she wants an assurance from the department that he will be able to pay his debt to society, without being killed .
nawaz was caught on cctv visiting london strip club during ramadan .
passengers disembarked and were transferred to a hotel .
inspector general's report found dea agents had sex with prostitutes .
set to fetch £21,000 when it goes under the hammer at bonhams, new york .
minnesota, the top turkey-producing state has been severally effected .
nightlife is virtually non-existent, so spent energy exploring during the day .
she revealed she has not told her family in ireland about her ordeal and made the 16-hour journey to new york to give evidence on her own .
strict laws prevents the flag being displayed if damaged or tampered with .
was also given a total of three years in prison, with two years suspended .
mother-of-four staunchly defended her sobriety in rhobh finale this week .
the 26-year-old was jailed for two years and labelled a 'bully' by police .
she asked for him not to receive a custodial sentence .
claims fairy-like guardian angel sat with her while she was rescued .
labour hit back, saying there are two marriage certificates, and they have the original from 1988 showing ms shah was in fact 15 .
the house is five garden-variety ranchers glued together to form a campus-o-fun complete with swimming pool, ballroom and guesthouse .
expert says the symptoms are similar to that experienced in a phobia .
he is facing 72 charges from the dover police department for 18 robberies .
also claimed teachers punished children by making them kneel on tiles .
ex-femen activist josephine witt, 21, identified herself as demostrator .
would join the trend for 'big' things in country towns .
ella draper and abraham christie wanted by police but have fled abroad .
but global watchdog predicts there will still be deficit of £7billion that year .
rape, assault and bullying remain prevalent .
the pair crossed paths at a special lunch, attended by ms bishop .
paying money would be 'immoral', rainer dresen of random house said .
up to 15 cars overturned and leaked; haz mat crew was dispatched to site .
within the g7 only the us is expected to perform better than britain .
after stabbing her, mann, 78, kissed his wife and told her: 'i love you' mann pleaded guilty to amended charge of manslaughter with diminished responsibility .
it added he was assessed as being likely to travel to syria to fight for isis .
pm said he had 'unblocked the logjam' to ensure debates happening at all .
fears that if the snake is pregnant up to 30 live young could also be loose .
cardinal woelki has urged compassion for all victims, including lubitz .
starbucks is also trialling a dinner service with wine .
tuah's father was eli, an orangutan who became famous for correctly predicting the super bowl winner seven years in a row .
young people likely to associate waterloo with abba and london station .
the celebrity chef has filed for divorce from march, 40, after 10 years of marriage but she is contesting their prenup .
it has been known to alleviate joint pains and treat mood disorders .
earlier this year, four hostages were killed at a paris kosher supermarket .
the other members of her family will find out their fate in next few weeks .
hole in the ground gang used drills to bore into vaults in 1986 and 87 .
celebrities such as kate middleton have driven the craze .
fulton, who had known scott for several years, said he does not know why his friend ran and did not see the shooting .
bates said he had completed all proper training and was not allowed to 'play cop' just because he had donated equipment to the sheriff's office .
in three years, the german aerospace center wants to represent the whole of mars as one coherent mosaic .
mr wittstock posted pictures of himself in the air hours before the crash .
it comes as bosses say  autonomous car is '10 per cent' from complete .
in one message a user threatens to bring a knife to school and stab the girl .
'out of nowhere this other woman joined the fray with a dildo in each hand' police attended the scene but no complaints were made about the woman .
scrubs actor john c. mcginley and glee actress lauren potter, who has down syndrome, are among the films cast members .
and that images of thin women are unlikely to have much of an effect .
parking spaces next to the workplace .
says dare was a devout christian as a child and 'loved to pray' her daughter has become a terrorist poster girl and regularly issues threats .
the 1991 ferrari 348 is worth between $90k and $110k .
has a long criminal record and has a tense relationship with the family .
also on-the-run robert donovan who knifed to death a theatre manager .
among the objects which have gone up for auction are a huge 3d diorama of the battle of agincourt .
he claimed people just wanted his money and he was left on a road .
but it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like europa .
these included the human limpet mine and a rocket-powered wheel .
court told how byfield was ordered to be deported back to jamaica in 2007 .
the abattoir has been closed for several years and is being demolished .
now her family is on a mission to educate young people about the dangers of tanning .
dea declined to comment today on her reported resignation; the white house wouldn't give leonhart its backing .
his son shannan posted a heartfelt tribute on his father's facebook page .
he said: ‘if i fall short of those 23 seats i will feel i have not succeeded'
kirby has been returned to prison and will not be released until 2023 .
police also discovered pieces of bone inside a drum used for bonfires .
67-year-old jailed in 2011 but now released and able to return to his house .
it said children under ten get almost a fifth of sugar intake from soft drinks .
taylor sacked by city of brookhaven in georgia for 'unbecoming conduct' she has defended herself, saying she was wrongly accused in the incident .
in the wake of the attack, 10 officers have been placed on leave pending an investigation into whether excessive force was used against pusok .
eli had to have a tracheotomy and family now has a gofundme page for him .
on tuesday, harris' family said that while they continue to mourn the loss of their loved one, bates will be enjoying his 'wealth and privilege' abroad .
some journalists arrived at university before troops, who came by air .
turia tells daily mail australia he is 'for sure' one of her inspirations .
penny was cleared of any involvement in the initial investigation .
'lose some weight, baby girl,' mchenry told the worker in the video .
she once described the home as her 'little london retreat' and spoke of her love of its history and grandeur .
the lapd released the film in hopes it will help catch the burglars, described as being age 17 to 20 .
mother told workers at her horse farm that she'd be 'back on tuesday'
authorities refuse to day if any other officers will be disciplined .
kwentus was diagnosed with oligodendroglioma several years ago and recently decided to stop treatment .
royal couple have insisted they do not know the sex of their second child .
her father said: 'my daughter is not married.
immediately afterwards eric pickles suggested it wouldn't be enforced .
revelations will be seized upon by republicans in white house race .
latika showed no interest in her heritage until she watched the movie slumdog millionaire where a girl had the same name as her .
robin has since written a number of cookbooks for people with diabetes .
now 41, randall won parole at his first hearing - released after june 4 .
west was fatally shot by moynihan's colleagues during the shoot-out .
police admit they didn't respond after alarm went off early on friday .
they are particularly common in june and can dump hundreds of millimetres of rain .
heath was jailed for manslaughter at birmingham crown court today .
but before long they were back on the shore taking photographs of it .
he was turned away from brisbane hospital due to no beds 11 days earlier .
proposals aim to rid classes of ‘tired phrases’ now through to be outdated .
heavy drinking males .
but there is no specific gene for how much children enjoy learning .
despite the revelations, philippa, 30, has vowed to stand by her man .
the vehicle was a restored 1923 model t ford with new elements .
instead of firing or prosecuting agents, the dea treated prostitution cases as 'local management issue' and suspended them for no more than 14 days .
investigation determined the driver will not face an charges because he acted in self defense and the defense of others .
men said they were kidnapped or tricked into becoming fisherman slaves .
for me, that's not long enough'
co-pilot michael alsbury was killed and pilot peter siebold was injured .
an armed woman was seen stabbing the car's bonnet on a melbourne road .
herpes is highly contagious and incurable and spreads via skin contact .
merseyside police believe both women were known to alleged murderer .
william tyrrell vanished from his home in kendall, nsw in september 2014 .
truck company ac & s say they have disciplined the driver .
team are now hoping to use the technique to treat depressed people .
most of her identities are stolen from hollywood production staffers .
she will retire after 30 years' service but allowed to retain her full pension .
watchdog advises celebrities to use the word 'ad' or 'spon' if its an advert .
she also brought up beheadings, a massacre and the martin place siege .
two atlanta hawks players, pero antić and thabo sefolosha, were also arrested 'for obstructing police when they arrived'
with his encouragement kim reported her abuser and saw him sentenced .
it also transformed high streets, luring customers away from superstores .
made claims following revelation agency fired two employees in denver .
plans to start his own business but worries he won't be taken seriously .
dawn will begin its first science orbit around ceres on 23 april .
but the researchers used a 'relatively dinky' telescope, suggesting the method could be replicated by other astronomers to study exoplaents .
no one was hurt and la fire department is investigating crime as arson .
despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury.
promised fans an 'extravaganza' on the new take that tour .
his pickup then backs up after a struggle and runs over sloan's leg .
a video has appeared online showing a man snorting ice behind the wheel .
research also shows a third of adults have bought things they did not want .
isis seized it ten days ago and have been butchering those trapped there .
but mr mcgrady said their 'juvenile handwriting' gave them away and they ended up with roast chicken .
the project has approved some government funding from defra .
international body says increasing the housing supply must be top priority .
she says her ex-boyfriend, gianni van, forced her to identify ramirez and then coerced her to keep the murder secret for almost two decades .
other users weigh in with their advice about how to handle sensitive issue .
footage also emerged of him inhaling nitrous oxide from a balloon .
before her surgery, andreja made a name for herself within the fashion industry as both a male and a female model, with her androgynous look .
bk will provide personalized gift bags, mason jars and crowns for event .
breakthrough could see motorists filling up at roadside bioreactors .
but the afl and victoria bitter were permitted as they donated to the rsl .
dawn milosky, 45, has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle .
silva has sought forgiveness from his father and has reunited with him .
in total, they cover 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle .
he was arrested in turkish border town with family, including four children .
mother's day is may 10 .
instead, after presley killed gholston, he began seeking out others to kill .
she handed in her resignation at the end of 2014 after the report said her actions during the birth were 'grossly inadequate' the goetzinger's have spoken out against the findings and claim that the midwife did nothing wrong and that the death could not have been stopped .
spacex today also attempted to prove that reusable rockets are viable .
mr. tingley's 'accomplice' randy stevens was also convicted of sexual misconduct for 'allowing tingley to carry out a number of sexual assaults' stevens, a father of 14, will be sentenced on april 16 .
police in riot gear arrested 31 people at that gathering on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct .
people can also see the world by getting paid to teach english .
the funds will help pay for their funeral and be directed to a 'good cause' liao had allegedly been having an affair with boy's grandfather, brian mach .
operation elveden, which has now cost taxpayer £20million, left in ruins .
his police car mounts the sidewalk, before crashing into armed suspect .
she collected the dog and her ten puppies .
mrs merkel has been ejoying pilates classes and 'healthy meals'
surgeons were unable to save mr song, who died of internal bleeding .
claimed 60% of 7,000 cases a year 'come into uk from anywhere in world'
blogger lily melrose says social media has changed the face of fashion .
collins visited mcnamee, who has several broke bones, in hospital .
previous studies show exercise can stave off alzheimer's and diabetes .
offer a signature cocktail menu rather than an open bar .
the first lady was on hand to present 15-time grammy winner alicia keys with the recording academy's recording artists' coalition award .
another group of guests asked for two grand pianos to be flown in .
is paying workers in his cambodian factory double the minimum wage .
spraggins embarked on year-long fitness regime until he made the grade .
a procession to one of the city's holy places is followed by them delivering a 'sermon' in public .
sturgeon used tv debate to offer to ‘lock cameron out of downing street’
'significant others are the #1 reason that people fail outside rehab,' warned one commenter offering some words of wisdom .
yin is stationed far from home and only gets to see his wife once a year .
fire chiefs confirmed no property damage or injuries were reported .
mr baggaley has also been charged with a string of serious drug charges .
council feared new addington house would become sick tourist attraction .
raised in chelsea, he inherited £11million when his mother passed away .
app was inspired by the film the hangover starring bradley cooper .
pictures are elaborately captioned: 'featuring a palate cleansing shot of fermented lake michigan water'
update: since the publication of this story, the court order has been amended.
jordan goode admitted wounding after throwing the glass while 'hard-core' dancing .
attack happened while she was driving her car but had stopped in the road .
he stands trial alongside former non-league player moses swaibu, who also denies the charges .
eric coins, who posted the video, says the guy wore the uniform 'to pick up girls and get sympathy drinks'
when mason later underwent surgery to have it taken out he got sick .
the father was seen weeping and muttering, my baby,' as he was being handcuffed .
we explain what to if they become anxious as the light starts to fade .
the 51-year-old suggested he quit after a row over his decision to play character with a strong northern accent .
43-year-old rejean hermel perron has been charged with multiple offences .
both gangs used pneumatic drills on the vaults, while dressed as workmen .
zoo plans to press child endangerment charges .
miss grogan  won claim for constructive dismissal and sexual harassment .
audio recordings of kincannon verbally abusing his wife and threatening to make her 'very f*cking sorry' has since emerged .
campbell, 28, who worked for mrs anderson, has been jailed for 3 years .
the tories this morning accused him of treating the public with 'contempt'
neighbors say they often heard wright yelling at her daughter .
controversial move has seen near-daily arrivals fall significantly, with no reported deaths at sea off the coast of australia so far this year .
a doctor warns that they could be taking their diets too far .
the exclusive, year-long program has now sold out, a spokeswoman told daily mail australia .
wanamaker did not enroll himself in addiction program and mother tested positive for methamphetamine when she was pregnant .
experts warn e-cigarette marketing is not regulated .
they have no children and are 'fighting over property' it was also claimed she questioned him about romancing january jones .
local resident nicole lavirriere has said of mavis 'i think she's like the norm of "cheers"'
two victims have also been arrested by police on suspicion of grooming .
rasheed chiles, 15, was shot in the shoulder and died after two-year-old brother damani terry was run over by van after darting into street sunday .
locals say they have suffered due to 'neighbours from hell' for five years .
there she met another adoptee, le my huong, and her biological mother .
she was only paid less because she was a guest and man was booked .
now has started primary school and walks two miles every day .
ministers claim rescue missions encourage migrants to attempt the journey .
tang was convicted in 2006 for forcing women to work off debts incurred by bringing them from thailand to australia .
perez protested his innocence and said it 'could have been anyone'
she was pregnant and had son, eight, from previous marriage .
the quarry was adjacent to the family's home .
experts call for more information to help women understand what's normal .
second was  beverly park circle, california, where hollywood names such as denzel washington and eddie murphy .
the u.s. bureau of land management is looking for workers to operate garnet as a tourist stop .
other stars to reveal their eating habits include beyoncé and j-lo .
late last year her conviction was overturned because of ineffective counsel, but nueces county district attorney mark skurka was set to try her again .
move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in several schools .
coalition has slashed £20bn off the benefits bill in five years since 2010 .
in the past 12 months alone she has amassed $47 million (or $128,000 a day) mother-of-two plans to publish a book and appear in a documentary on her life .
a 26-pound gold bar worth $500,000 now recovered in south florida .
referee marija kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to norway for encroachment after disallowing england's penalty on saturday .
the father of eight was jailed for 21 months by burnley crown court .
ayotte said in a statement that she was 'shocked and deeply saddened' by wihby's arrest .
mrs maxwell volunteers for the council preparing meals for pensioners .
recovered from a depth of 17,000ft – some 4,500ft deeper than the titanic .
police say an off-duty police officer driving home on the bridge was assaulted by two protesters when he got out of his vehicle to investigate .
he was found by police allegedly hiding in a car with tinted windows in his driveway .
economists say more to be done to investigate the drug's affect on society .
salesman tom hartley and son carl sell £4million worth of cars each week .
lawyers for the american pair today said they reject premeditated charges .
owner apparently got out and joked he would buy a new one tomorrow .
scarface and godfather actor is speaking in glasgow, london and dublin .
eyewitness: at one point 15 buses stuck in queues before diverting area .
corey died last night, days after the ceremony at bristol children's hospital .
owner simon drachman compared saturday night heist to tom cruise film .
just three days ago, raf typhoons were sent to intercept two russian aircraft near uk air space .
stover was arraigned on thursday and is accused of raping a woman in a manhattan bar .
forensic officers have returned to her home with a crime scene warrant .
whittington is believed to be the boy's father .
they have no children and are 'fighting over property' it was also claimed she questioned him about romancing january jones .
coroner said it was the worst case of starvation she's even seen .
police have released cctv footage of a woman they want to speak to .
patrick told reporters he had made a 'fantastic recovery' on thursday .
weather was predicted to be stormy on saturday and an advisory had been issued on friday, according to the sheriff's office .
prince william has completed his air ambulance training course early .
but none of the companies they approached have taken on their products .
it began life limited to us states were cannabis is legal, but is now global .
it will be sold by hansons in etwall, derbyshire, on june 26 .
site may have been home to 'birnirk' culture, whose people travelled on both sides of the bering strait .
a baby had to be admitted to hospital suffering from severe malnutrition .
distressing scenes were shown on tv causing great hysteria and concern .
geraldine m schultz, 67, and jacklyn k. klosa, 69, were killed inside one of the homes by the storm .
mr deghayes insists he has not 'run away' to join the fight and just wants amer home .
three generations of his family including grandparents attend ceremony .
she is running for the key election seat of great grimsby and denies claims .
the losing fox was seen by the photographer limping off up a snowy hill and wasn't expected to last the night .
were allegedly threatened with deportation if they did not submit to him .
california's  water rights system has historically given senior water rights holders the ability to use as much water as they need, even in drought .
he apologised to organisers, saying he did not mean to disturb the show .
an arbitrator ruled that he will not be disciplined for the latest relapse but angels' owner arte moreno said hamilton might not return to the team .
since then, she has become an increasingly popular figure .
sewol's captain was jailed for 36 years for gross negligence last year .
klawiter claims he doesn't need the money and has a successful business but at least one manfacturer has asked him to remove its logo from his site .
jo, 44, supported roxy through her transition and the trio, from churchdown, glos, are now happier than ever .
mr stanford was arrested at the property on wednesday night after police found discrepancies in his alibi .
kiara ran to help her father but was slammed face-first into the concrete .
he is now set to begin offseason workouts with the cleveland browns on april 20 .
account provides the first clear link between three alleged major vip paedophile rings that operated in london and northern ireland .
she suffered a 1.5cm cut but it was classed as a 'serious injury' council decided to destroy izzy during a council panel meeting .
offenders were also ordered to work up to 21 days of 'hard labour'
hearing heard the patient could have been blinded by force of the blows .
restaurateur said he should have said 'lil diners having a moment' and not used the word 'screaming' in heartfelt apology .
ms moore says yobs turned dream seaside home into living hell .
forced to relearn skills such as walking, swallowing food and dressing .
instead, photo only showed kanye and mayor nir barkat chatting at table .
a load of fresh fruit and vegetables was flown from france to the maldives .
national housing federation said the subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8bn .
the helicopter parked on the back for four hours before taking off back to miramar air station .
six others - including an infant and two young girls - had minor injuries .
rory mcilroy brought one direction's niall horan  to caddie the contest .
some employees in pico rivera, california believe their store was closed because it's become a protest center for higher wages .
this is because the police officer investigating the case had gone off sick .
a specialist website lets car fans rent a porsche boxster s for  £175 per day .
i'm a hooker' the dutch central bank fired 46-year-old van der waal for 'integrity issues'
snp suggests it would hold ed miliband to ransom over trident if he is pm .
but it says it still supports badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle .
gareth's parents wish they could have prevented their son's death .
orders can arrive in minutes from drivers that have been vetted by the firm .
trunfio was handed a 12 month community order at magistrates' court .
he said labour propped up by snp would mean high taxes and fewer jobs .
he denies raping the girl after she invited him back to her camden flat .
price then staged standoff with police at their home and 'shot himself' taken to hospital in unknown condition; has been charged with murder .
the former investment banker pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail .
inspired, her friend lisa walters lots 35lbs in two months .
amanda holden and davina mccall are also fans of the work-wear brand .
visit oakbottle.com.
the company owns the hogwarts express now at warner bros studios .
bilal skaf was sentenced a maximum 55 years in prison in 2002 for gang raping young girls in sydney's southwest when he was just 18 .
incident follows a number of sexual attacks in india, on locals and tourists .
he explained caesar came running at him and he shot him dead .
thirty-one people arrested on thursday as they sat on road to the site .
experts say leading vegan lifestyle is unhealthy during pregnancy .
schuler said durst was a generous tipper and although there were some strange things about his nature he did not think of him as a threat .
however it also found only one in nine fisheries are operating sustainably .
'every year he's been up and down the hills,' his dad tim said .
rows of books are behind him - photoshopped to look like there are more .
the one must-do outing in kefalonia is to fiskardo , a lovely harbour .
during trip, jones was reportedly mugged and assaulted, and suffered from a concussion; he was treated at cedars-sinai medical center .
mother told workers at her horse farm that she'd be 'back on tuesday' relative said that mrs costello had been 'under a lot of stress' during the legal battle over her husband's estate .
bauer allegedly told officers she is a shopping addict .
prohibition of chemical weapons organisation to hold memorial event .
glasgow man, 21, appeared in court today in connection with her death .
but he has a valid car parking permit, so said decision was 'diabolical'
pentagon has started daily aerial refuelling for warplanes in the coalition .
all students must get up at 5:30am and study for 10 hours a day .
now-closed restaurant didn't carry out regular disinfection and cleaning .
two decades after they left, their mother died and the house was passed to them .
however, the government has not promised to reveal why in all cases - citing possible national security threats .
wilson took medical from the broadway play 'fish in the dark' earlier this month but is expected back on stage in may .
secret service bosses also suspended his security clearance .
penny was cleared of any involvement in the initial investigation .
keira knightley wore a prom dress and angelia jolie's kids decorated hers .
sold the firm for £50million in 2000 and gave half the profits to his parents .
mr ashton's photo of 'terrible' serving of food was shared 129,000 times .
newzoids begins on the 15th april on itv1 .
economists said that the housing market had ‘got ahead of itself’ last year .
this will be the duggar family's sixth grandchild; jill welcomed her first son earlier this month and son josh is expecting his fourth child .
the college council have called his actions 'a breach of our standards'
study reveals that 20 per cent of people would carry out diy dentistry .
when she attempted to rob him they got into a struggle and she pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed him repeatedly .
when the storm hit it caused the maximum amount of destruction because of it being a huge suburban area .
200 people watched as 18-wheelers transported the materials that would become this stunning three-bedroom home .
protesters failed in an attempt to stop the government-ordered destruction .
they say dna might reveal new details about the evolution of hominids .
and comparing it to chernobyl could reveal what the future holds .
since he was found guilty 15 more potential victims have come forward .
fans now camping outside st mary's hospital awaiting birth of royal baby .
employees are working to save any live animals by adding salt to the water to restore the chemical imbalance .
she promised to use snp influence to increase government spending .
it is believed pilot was attempting emergency landing when crash occurred .
the henry ford museum also holds the limo in which john f. kennedy was shot and the bus rosa parks rode when she refused to give up her seat .
comments came on the anniversary of yuri gagarin's first spaceflight .
bodycam footage of the incident shows that police fired a 'less lethal round' before fatally  shooting the man .
upcoming birth means the parents, from surrey, will have completed their family of three within just seven months .
high temperatures also increase air pollution, which worsen symptoms .
teacher apologised for actions but said her pupils wanted to write to him .
supreme court is due to rule on whether current execution drugs are legal .
attorney has claimed officers staged the fight between the two .
aracely meza has been charged with injury to a child by omission .
police pulled over the car near the gas station .
defra warns asthma sufferers and people with lung problems of 'very high' air pollution in south east tomorrow .
a state trooper announced just before 12.40pm there was no active shooter .
she has been spared jail and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work .
their commanding officer said it would be 'a strain to leave' after putting down 'deep roots' in norfolk .
schanze is known in utah for his shrill, hyperactive tv commercials for his totally awesome computers retail chain .
rookie said he learned about hood 'because [brelo] was talking about it' judge will decide brelo's fate and he faces a max sentence of 25 years .
the findings may provide clues as to how humans first learned to use tools .
the advert is latest in a long-running feud with italian foodies and the chain .
tour skeptics expressed surprise at the quality of ingredients used .
but she became so rowdy security guards had to throw her out of the hunt .
cps may now charge her with failing to register the birth and preventing a lawful burial .
it is one of their final weekends before the campaign gets into swing .
durst faces state and federal gun charges before extradition for murder .
the 19-year-old was called a nightmare by a magistrate last year .
the training that took place was so realistic and demanding many servicemen were killed in accidents .
coroner ruled it was a 'tragic accident' and recorded the cause as hanging .
crisis sparked worldwide criticism and #bringbackourgirls campaign .
pair now facing jail after pleading guilty to contempt of court in ohio .
onset of alzheimer's might be accelerated for people with sleep problems .
amateur photographers using the 'detective camera' initiated the first talks about surveillance and privacy laws .
mr dee is now suing the hospital trust in brighton for clinical negligence .
since publication of this article, lord neuberger has since clarified his position which may be read here: article .
the father-of-two was jailed for nine years in 1995 for a £45million fraud .
now, she has just two large meals a day, no wholegrains and she has stopped sipping water in the day .
she is married to disgraced former congressman anthony weiner, and stood by him through a string of embarrassing sexting scandals .
admits it was wrong to open the doors to poles in 2004 without curbs .
he said he hasn't found the time to code every day anymore .
mr gibson sustained the knee injury in combat in the parachute regiment .
congress document redacted by bush administration pointed 'very strong finger' at financing from saudi arabia .
an x-ray revealed an aggressive, inoperable lung cancer that has spread .
said he 'profoundly and passionately' hopes to stop farage from winning .
event took place in the tiny village of kirke hyllinge in zealand .
last month france passed laws banning use of underweight models .
thought he may have entered woodland as thought it was shortcut to hotel .
danny john-jules, who played cat in red dwarf, has hit out at demolition .
this month is set to be one of the warmest on record after temperatures soared to above 25c on wednesday .
two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building .
officers told store owners the knickers not worth enough to prosecute .
scientists believe creatures ended up on shore after being disorientated .
grant claims the outfit consisted of five pairs of tights .
he was sentenced to death in 2004 .
granger has been convicted of manslaughter as the two men were found guilty of murder .
but publicity stunt has been met with criticism from politicians and victims .
in total, eight deputies surround the man kicking him for two minutes .
but dr tenpenny cancelled after she received threats and feared for safety .
the 24-year-old heartthrob is recently single .
the supersonic attack aircraft can carry 3,000kg of bombs 650 miles .
two atlanta hawks players, pero antić and thabo sefolosha, were also arrested 'for obstructing police when they arrived' all three victims are in stable condition in hospital .
insisted he did not take any pictures or speak to any of the jurors .
manchester restaurant blamed ms dodds for leaving children on their own .
she said the picturesque views were a major reason she bought the home .
dr lund says the king's name was probably blackened after death in battle .
it means it can be done on ethical terms and avoid legal complications .
some activity had connections to crime syndicates in nigeria and russia .
reports suggest the co-pilot has faced similar accusations in the past .
boyle and stack, both democrats, have been in political power struggles .
almost half are in favour of queen camilla when charles takes the throne .
hillary clinton kicked off her campaign in iowa last week and will move on to new hampshire on monday .
granddaughter autumn barricks tweeted to team in bid to answer wish .
the suspect has been taken to northern ireland for questioning .
zookeeper said it offers a 'completely unique perspective' to the animals .
in court on wednesday, fradeneck was emotionless through the proceedings and prematurely tried to enter an insanity plea .
'nadia' is also forced to perform tricks and is ridden by resort guests .
thieves' hands are chopped off, adulterers are publicly killed by stoning .
started at disneyland in california, and sickened 147 people in the u.s.
means suffolk church will be without a choir for the first time in 200 years .
labour plans to impose 50 per cent tax rate on salaries of £150,000 or more .
knox and sollecito reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison .
three children have been confirmed dead by victoria police .
manufacturers say if damage is caused by the wind that does not constitute a faulty frame .
it was just announced the seahawks would play the denver broncos in their first preseason game .
police are now treating the 55-year-old's disappearance as a homicide .
was arrested and now been jailed for attempted to arrange a child sex offence .
parenting blogger emily-jane clark shows how not to annoy a new mum .
experts say the vision challenges stereotypes of dogs and kangaroos .
steven young admitted attempted murder and was jailed for 18 years .
famous clients include imogen thomas and made in chelsea stars .
find suggests trading links between south west and the mediterranean .
caffeine cuts of signalling pathways that the cancer cells require to grow .
the book, published by berlin-based callisto publishers, celebrates the creative genius of the designers .
'i think maybe god put me here at the right time,' warnock said .
a child can be heard crying in the background of the 911 call recording .
mrs boudreau now helps other families whose children have become radicalized .
fossils are expected for be from a nodosaur, a pony-sized herbivore with scaly, plated skin .
airbus state the move is to reflect 90 per cent of fliers using economy .
one symptom is swollen lymph nodes in neck, which can hurt after alcohol .
no one owns the copyright to the sign, so it is often imitated and appears on all kinds of souvenirs in las vegas and elsewhere .
he was jailed for 11 years .
a flamer sends messages with intention to hurt the victim and get reaction .
hotel hosts a candlelit dinner in its 1901 restaurant once a month .
belinda cheney said she would write to government chiefs to find out why .
the family set up a nanny cam in december 2014 after they became suspicious of quilligana .
secret police used the pictures for training and for use at trials as evidence .
research found households where children had multi-parental figures was also on the rise .
she will hold a second funeral at ipswich chapel in suffolk tomorrow .
previous adverts have featured keira knightley and claudia schiffer .
critics say many targeted are innocent drivers unaware of rule change .
the candidate learned that missouri gop chairman john hancock had told donors at a party that he was jewish .
there are also legal uncertainties over who should get additional water .
the distressing scenes shown on tv caused hysteria and concern .
started going to the gym and eating healthy foods and lost 10 stone .
author jacob tomsky answers every question you have about hotel stays .
he has since taken down the nooses and flags, but refuses to apologize .
the remaining eight received harsher sentences, ranging from one to seven years in jail .
day at the racetrack was a gift from watson's wife for his birthday .
nationwide support for ukip has fallen by 25% over the last six months .
heale broke down demonstrating the incident to the jury .
ban comes amid escalating tensions over saudi-led bombing in yemen .
disciplinary panel concluded she 'exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race, as well as disability'
all residents are required to wear blue uniforms .
another  said 'the ayatollah and president obama appear to be talking about two separate agreements...unfortunately, i can’t say i’m surprised'
those who have had their shots censored accuse the site of sexism .
prevention and treatment of mental illness is key, says labor's anna burke .
police were able to match her nights out with times she withdrew cash .
he was caught when he returned to locker room just after starting workout .
mr marshall-ascough said he enjoys interacting with people, which is important for a politician to not be 'just all about the politics'
he tells australians to respect their ancestors and go to a memorial service .
chief constable says he is 'concerned' and 'lessons will be learned'
day at the racetrack was a gift from watson's wife for his birthday .
after a three hour battle with the monster max released the shark .
his lawyers said the prosecution has not proven he pulled the trigger .
kotto played villain dr kananga in the 1973 installment live and let die .
clarkson, who gave birth to her daughter river last july, coincidentally discussed criticism about her weight with ellen degeneres same day .
course aims to help would-be exorcists distinguish demonic possession from psychological or medical conditions .
tom brady and 'american sniper' widow tara kyle also threw first pitches .
zoo plans to press child endangerment charges .
jecinta campbell, carissa walford, rebecca judd all sat front row .
experts have warned there is a danger of a pandemic as people who have not been vaccinated are being exposed to the rest of the population .
you can vote for your favourite design and the winner will be crowdfunded .
the case goes to trial next week .
'they knew exactly what they were looking for,' a devastated tancock claimed .
ms schake has been working as l'oreal's chief communications officer .
suspect recovering in hospital, police hunting for three alleged accomplices .
unfortunately, the unique tape was lost after the queen mother's death .
it causes  euphoria, hallucinations, psychosis and superhuman strength .
game and guitar can be pre-ordered in the us and canada for $99 .
over $40,000 has been raised to help her husband ryan care for their kids .
mendez said acevedo hit him in the head with beer bottle and stole his car .
this special gift was announced by julie bishop on thursday .
company says same thing happened in the wake of the september 11 attacks .
rand paul poached ted cruz's senior digital strategist away last year .
plans to remove the crescent's facade and replace it with something more historically correct and accurate .
con artists are taking advantage of people's goodwill as nsw is facing severe weather conditions .
prices in shops are 2.1 per cent lower this year than 12 months ago .
hubers, then 21, told police she shot poston in the face and then fired again to put him out of his misery .
he drew level with botham on 383 when marlon samuels edged to gully .
fun quiz revealed below... how many points do you score?
police in troy, alabama, found the video while investigating a shooting which 'shows two men raping unconscious woman on florida beach' authorities say hundreds of people walk past but don't intervene .
husband robbie's colleagues thought he'd traded her in for a new model .
they based their estimates on the 55-square-miles they have licence for .
father-of-four said he was 'looking forward to putting you over my knee'
'update: my daughter lauren york has been found.
others on twitter shared her anger and called the rubens boss 'mean'
after sunday's incident they were forced sign a paper pledging not to leave them unattended .
the geelong college principal has now resigned .
it wasn't until they landed that pilots notice huge hole at the nose of plane .
but immigration judges now say saka can stay under human rights laws .
animal charities were furious when kislitsyn was given fine of just £200 .
the palace is now 'cooperating' with police to investigate historic claims .
it allows foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand option too .
but they are now returning to woods in the area and some have even been spotted in the town centre .
the campaign page identified the boys as eli and silas keslar, sons of mark and alexis keslar .
fits in her yoga classes a 'couple of time a week'
other top selling items from the auction were a straw hat worn by leigh that sold for $52,500 .
my job is to reshuffle the pack.'
goodall, of newcastle, was given a nine-month suspended sentence .
scantily clad women used army tank, helicopter and truck as props .
it will now have just 454 regular and reservist troops, mos revealed .
steer clear of white bread, popcorn and watch out for 'healthy' smoothies .
police became suspicious after the winner of the jackpot waited until the last moment to claim they're prize and would not reveal their identity .
jan said that she feels as though her tattoos are a memorial, and she is able to carry her daughter with her .
experts found farming spread more quickly in southern europe than north .
kelly and friend were fishing on minnesota side of river and heard swearing .
demand has diminished after purchase of seal products was banned by both european union and the united states .
but lewis' appeal to find father appeared on mr goddard's facebook page .
this may not happen as she struggles with her life-threatening condition .
mr priestley said he is tormented by thought his wife may have survived .
phd student says he's proud of his body and works out once or twice daily .
doctors were able to deliver her 36-week-old baby  in houston, texas .
nobody was hurt in the fire.
crashed shortly after recharging mid-way through the flight .
police say jones fooled fleming by posing as child-welfare worker .
faces prison sentence of 10 years and $250,000 fine for bribery conviction .
the mother-of-two has spoken out to try and help other victims of abuse .
moments later an officer is shot and enoch garver, 21, is killed .
granado arrested again amid claims she had sex with second boy in car .
airline codes explains how each airport got its identifying code .
clinton and abedin dropped by restaurant incognito for lunch during their road trip from new york to iowa for the first round of campaign events .
brigante business developments is management consultancy company .
equally mysterious episode two of none* is expected this summer .
essex police said they arrested a man, 21, in connection with the killing .
prisoners are not allowed access to the internet or mobile phone videos .
crisis will re-ignite claims that britain’s welfare system has created generation unwilling to work .
white county commissioners have approved a motion to add guardrails, but there is no exact timetable for when construction will begin .
but it currently offers just half the voltage of existing lithium-ion batteries .
she went missing on easter sunday, just days before she was due to get married to her partner of five years .
critics have accused northumbria police of creating 'its own soap opera'
in a forgiving plea deal, dufresne will only have to attend a 90-day therapy program, stay away from the victim and turn in her teacher's license .
it boasts six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies, a 2400 bottle cellar and a helipad 100 metres from the house .
customers could save up to £63 buying the sport abroad too .
video shows shirtless man punching fellow motorist through car window .
angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as i know why the cage bird sings, was issued the forever stamp for her contributions to the arts .
tablets contained highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol, or dnp .
29-year-old claims he was stranded by spanish driver miles outside the city .
mr endean later apologised 'unreservedly' but insisted it was an accident .
after the incident, she lost custody of her children and told her aa sponsor, who contacted authorities .
mint is one of two in the world which produces colour print on coins .
users can choose from a number of square tiles to illustrate their message .
the employee repeatedly asks the customer while standing next to her in an intimidating manner .
dashcam footage shows scott running from his car after being pulled over .
baby girl is listed in stable condition in hospital and the woman will be charged once she is released from hospital .
bournemouth council say appeals procedure is available to mr hollinshead .
producer kathleen kennedy said the veteran actor was a 'hero' was at home 'resting'
kukucova's parents forced to sell home to pay for her legal fees in spain .
an escalator was constructed but it leads to an unbuilt train station .
soothed his sister after she blurted out 'we're going to die' during the call .
separate report says passengers could hack planes using in-flight tvs .
now, pair have been joined on their trips by miss wong’s new dog george .
adkins claim he took action because the driver was on his phone and nearly ran down a student .
survivors and relatives filed into court today as they waited for trial to start .
cashed in money meant for college courses to pay for her flight .
the audio of slager talking with a senior officer at the scene was picked up the damcam in his vehicle which had been recording the initial incident .
18,000 died in the disaster with waves reaching 128-ft above sea level .
silva says all she wants from her dead husband's family is 'forgiveness' polkinghorne's father cannot understand why she killed his abusive son .
the study suggests there may be an underlying genetic element to politics .
there's a suggestion that the set-up may have been designed to show two people having sex - and the silla were known for their explicit pottery .
elected officials and police from north charleston were in attendance .
postman mr gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds .
next government should recruit muslim role models to help mentor teenagers who have been radicalised, prosecutor said .
she must now take blood-thinning medication for the rest of her life .
bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor .
this enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions .
firm hopes europe's supposed 'laissez faire' attitude to cheating will help .
us 'is close to removing cuba from list of terrorist sponsor states' move would automatically lift some economic sanctions on island nation .
cctv images released of him arriving at euston station on wednesday .
the cameraman said he started filming after seeing the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair' out of a kohl's .
after his release he claimed he had admitted to terrorism under torture .
i still feel  angry about the whole thing' his body was exhumed last year for review which led officers to the mother .
benefited from pay deal ten years ago that saw salaries increase by 50% .
rescue workers moved them to a shelter in lebanon, tennessee .
she also wants plans for children and money sorted before divorce is given .
new look at symptoms reveal they have more in common with strokes .
four men aged 17, 37, 45 and 73 are jailed for total of almost ten years .
the charges include possession of class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances .
and locals were also left furious forcing council to do embarasing u-turn .
told jack she'd wear a suit but surprised him on the day in a dress .
said he doesn't agree with gay marriage, but would attend a same-sex union if it was somebody he 'cared' for .
mother-of-two has told her daughters they have brothers and sisters .
coach driver forced to perform u-turn on slippery narrow slipway .
will return to uk on a flight to manchester from dalaman later this evening .
judge sarah stewart said warned him against being bitter at hearing .
she's packed on 30 pound and says  ‘no carb is safe – no fat either’
both have sisters, and say they don't look similar to either of them .
officials on the scene discovered a decapitated puppy in a rubbish bin .
the day-long food, body, mind course combined nutrition and recipes .
homeless woman holly leonard used a free google phone to rent a flat .
the young seal had travelled more than 200 miles since her march release .
no drug charges have been filed against the mother yet .
cle 'bone' sloan was hurt and terry carter died in the alleged hit-and-run .
test confirmed she did have cancer and she underwent a hysterectomy .
seen as the only way for inexperienced terrorists to climb the isis ranks .
police are satisfied that his name was fraudulently used on the bag .
they believe they have been followed by isis fighters since escaping .
her husband's death is one of four being investigated as part of probe .
she was acquitted on self-defense .
symptoms of norovirus include vomiting, diarrhea, fever and body aches.
he has been jailed for 12 years after admitting conspiracy to supply drugs along with 25 other defendants involved in the north wales-based group .
for $1,000 supporters can buy pocket constitutions signed by paul .
prince harry is back for marathon on sunday so could see niece or nephew .
he told officers arresting him 'i have been waiting a long time to kill that man'
case is launching on indiegogo this week, but prices haven't been revealed .
car was found unattended later that night and three male suspects were still at large as of friday .
latest boat stopped making crossing turning the med into a 'cemetery'
last month a court ruled lapointe was deprived of a fair trial and on friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail .
mr thomas wrote it fell into river clyde while being moved to another ship .
they also help people complete their stalled restoration projects .
tebow won millions of fans for his public displays of his christian faith on and off the field .
cameron urges ukip supporters to 'come home' to the conservatives .
they say his enormous wealth should not be put before local needs .
his family have not revealed the cause of death .
professor colleen loo from the black dog institute strongly believes that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs and children .
says passenger planes do not have same level of protection as military jets .
the video was taken down, but was reuploaded by la nación .
on saturday the body was identified as fleming .
she even said she feared that michael wilkie would kill her .
a month ago, a former investor filed a lawsuit against cantu, accusing the chef of using moto's bank account for personal expenses .
benefit are appealing the decision made by australian trade marks office .
pavlichenko killed 309 nazis during battles in odessa and sevastopol .
but jahnae found dr teo who would do the operation with upfront fee .
russia's culture minister accused the film of 'distortion of historical facts'
he was in the us working as a research professor and director at the prestigious us naval war college in rhode island .
made himself a superhero outfit to help him feel brave during treatment .
other winners included: the st. louis post-dispatch, the seattle times and the wall street journal for their contributions .
hannah jones then eloped with hugh rodham - mrs clinton's grandfather - to marry because his family probably disproved of her poor background .
couple live in a house just north of ruined commissary building - and only ever encounter hired help in the region .
family were given a police escort on the way to the funeral, by a separate force to the officer who shot scott .
council sided with beckhams in row and approved planning application .
calls made outside old bailey to stop 'persecuting innocent journalists'
police said miller reeked of alcohol, had glassy, bloodshot eyes and had an open bottle of mike's hard lemonade in the car .
mrs castillo's cousin heard about the campaign and messaged mr roark to tell him that the ring belonged to her relatives .
acevedo has rap sheet including dwi, gun offences and manslaughter .
the guard, lawrence buckner, died at a hospital in cheverly, maryland .
his attorneys don't dispute that he pulled the trigger but say he was in the grips of a psychotic episode when he  opened fire .
after undergoing four rounds of chemotherapy, the tumour is inoperable .
migrants then shifted position as result of collision, causing it to capsize .
nick clegg's lib dems are up three points to 12 per cent, equal with ukip .
he says the photo is fitting for the upcoming centenary of anzac day .
'parents should not doubt our resolve to do this,' mr giles said .
labour confirms it pays mr axelrod in dollars through consultancy firm .
vo was owner and ceo of vector planning & services, a  company that provides it services to military and federal and state agencies .
father rameshbhai nandwana is planning to sell his kidney to earn the money needed to see top specialists .
animal got safely back down to the ground after doing its business on crane .
since her work dried up, she has launched a jewellery business instead .
says: 'miller and i are a team - i needed him with me on my big day.
probe uncovered three more deaths of concern - including karen's cousin .
only survivor was couple's eldest son kemal zeyat who'd been out at work .
25-year-old entered  insanity plea but was sentenced to 37 years in prison .
he spiked a glass of baileys liqueur the girl was drinking .
mrs. obama also noted that both her teenager daughters are very familiar with the concept of sarcasm .
experts are divided over how effective it is when drunk or eaten with food .
embarrassment at end of interview when she is called 'caroline lucas'
the australian federal police has confirmed it is investigating the case .
police are often called in to handle noise complaints and lewd behaviour .
new sign outside sandringham museum makes pointed reference to how changing times have spelled the end for some exhibits .
found guilty of 'plotting unrest' after coup against president morsi in 2013 .
comes days after illegal camp in calais, france was closed down .
the parents of the toddler released a heartfelt plea for his safe return .
the 43-year-old ultimo founder will profit from at least £100,000 if it sells and also owns a £2million flat in mayfair .
in nearby northumberland, vibrant red poppies light up the area's rolling hills from late spring to early summer .
10km event was won by american cable installation guy charles kobold .
for questions about the recall, call sabra, 9am to 5pm, monday through friday at: 888-957-2272 .
couple facing a nervous five day wait for judge's to return their verdict .
weapons were legally owned but bought using stolen money, police say .
miss sokie also claims to have kept horan's boxer shorts for herself .
prince andrew languishes at the bottom of the popularity table .
carissa veliz is a philosophy graduate from oxford university and is writing her dissertation on the subject of privacy .
and turning the lights on while taking off - not before - had the best effect .
he remains on the paper and he will be elected if he gets enough votes .
appeal tribunal rejected claim he was punished for belief in public service .
but they now say discarded cigarette near the fire exit could have caused it .
l.t.
peta later admitted the lamb was in fact a prop made of foam .
they were in fact sunni militants who also staged an elaborate rescue .
at age of 10 he is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty .
'unfortunately he does have a thing about postmen but it is the mail they carry and not the postmen themselves', she said .
irobot says chances of interference occurring are 'infinitesimal'
officers demanded that she drop her weapon but when she turned toward them with the gun in her hand at least one officer fired at her, wounding her .
a video of the dog in the croc's jaws has been viewed half a million times .
meanwhile, eight-month-old jemmi was orphaned when her mother was killed and then illegally sold as a pet .
khloe kardashian is godmother, while a priest acted as north's godfather .
west midlands counter terrorism unit appealed for help identifying jihadis .
she tried to resign from the office  when her transformation became public .
the islamic couple are preparing a statement for queensland police .
attorney's fee will come from $190million settlement reached in the lawsuit .
diamond, 36, identifies as a woman and has been taking hormones since age 17 .
handwritten note found in pocket of trousers but didn't provide any clues .
but one, a wessex mark 1, is now a glamping unit in ditchling, sussex .
results from the £1.20 ($1.80) test are received under 45 minutes and scientists it could allow people to test for cancer in their own homes .
on the highway there were also massive delays .
venessa's modelling agency started a fundraising campaign to support her .
liberty's father, paul baker, waved her off to school just moments earlier .
surveillance video caught rudison walking outside with a white bottle and throwing liquid in the face of two girls .
he worries that future partners might only love him for his body .
gay rights were set back in russia by 2013 law banning 'gay propaganda'
mr cameron also admitted bullingdon club past 'cripplingly embarrassing'
justice nye perram ruled that individuals' privacy must be kept and all letters from the copyright holder must be sent to him first .
he recently denied allegations he had slept with a sex slave in america .
has become  famous across her university and people now make requests .
he lost 21 stone in three years and encouraged his wife to slim down .
this as rapiejko is under fire for using possible excessive force when he mowed down an armed suspect in his police vehicle .
biosentinel will use yeast to measure the impact of deep space radiation .
her twin, nikki, now wishes they'd taken stalking behaviour more seriously .
customers took to social media to mock the campaign and express their anger with what they saw as a marketing ploy by the company .
contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $100,000 bonus .
they are working on their own clothing label, putting on fashion shows and even doing stints as runway models .
jasmine dinjar also shows off her marijuana leaf-painted nails and lights up with a pipe in her social media posts .
uk stockist says the product has been 'very popular' in recent months .
it's understood the woman did not treat any cases of ebola overseas .
allegedly struck him with a paddle 30-times and set fire to his pants .
are we confronted with threats?
cousins has been involved in a string of bizarre incidents in the weeks since which have seen him hospitalised for mental health checks .
those under 34 tended to be more religious than other groups, found poll .
figures show a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale .
no injuries, though one woman requested attention after feeling faint .
royal baby number two, who is due next week, is likely to do the same .
police scotland investigated 'data management' at the council .
clinton starts second leg of her endeavor to win the vote of 'everyday' americans .
it was originally intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy as relief from the station's instant coffee .
the pledge listed hamm as one of his chief tormentors at the sigma nu fraternity at the university of texas at austin .
the doctors will also take on a patient who had cement injected into her face and a man who wants to look like kim kardashian, among others .
left her hard hat at home and opted for a silk scarf instead .
sir wiggins - who wasn't involved in level crossing problem - finished 18th .
there was nothing directing officers to bring him to family court .
cable network launched internet streaming service to curb piracy .
the attire worn by the airline's pilots has evolved significantly since 1935 .
the raffles international showcase also caused a stir with racy designs .
miss middleton will become an aunt for the second time within days .
mr pyrotek, who is a father-of-three, said he wanted to make the boy's day .
'the choice of images originally used to illustrate this story weren't ideal,' mamamia said .
former couple previously tried to use surrogate to have children twice during their relationship, but procedures failed, according to the lawsuit .
mum-of-three vows to have area closed after learning of drowning .
epa regional administrator judith enck said she is not aware of anyone sickened by the pesticide in puerto rico .
was suffering injuries caused by shards of glass from a smashed mirror .
we have a right to have a say,' she says .
but critics have pointed out it is unlikely to have mass market appeal .
as of monday, the boy was listed in critical but stable condition .
previous record was held by a humpback who swam 11,706 miles in 2011 .
calls for virgin to refund the air fare as well as €600 compensation for terrible ordeal .
scott and mary were stopped on monday as they tried to enter the u.s.
people who don't turn off location settings are leaving kids vulnerable .
they are battling to overturn indonesian president joko widodo's decision to deny the pair clemency .
also struggled to remember which boob to use when breastfeeding .
ms buckley, from cork, ireland, last seen on sunday morning leaving club .
the post also read 'jesus is lord, and the public is in charge, not these satanic nwo stooges'
says those reasons were more important than policy decisions he made .
the family now want to try and find the off-duty officers who saved her life .
bulman was given a 12-month community order at bristol crown court .
unicef film highlights few escapees are now in refugee camps .
the pirates of the caribbean star still had his injured right hand bandaged in a red bandana .
hennepin county medical examiner said the cause and manner of barway's death are still being investigated .
'if someone like that loves her, then they'll talk to other people, and so on, and that's going to help,' she said .
both were fired when staff learned of their relationship .
doctors are unsure whether miss willard, 17, will be able to fully recover .
coroner condemned families sa's dealings with chloe's mum .
pictures and other memorabilia are to be auctioned for charity next month .
but north yorkshire county council still refuses to apologise despite coroner ruling the state of the road was to blame .
outside court, he shouted and swore in front of nearby diners .
a passer-by smashed the window and dragged him to safety .
very few plans had evidence they worked better than getting information elsewhere for free - or that they helped weight stay off permanently .
mcdade has been arrested before for domestic violence and for obstructing the government process at the scene of a fire .
administrators said they asked to remove word, a claim thomas disputes .
and 'do you want white supremacy?'
mr abbott urged public not to be deterred and continue with their plans .
campaigners warn this will put strain on housing, schools and the nhs .
train's engineers are planning new attempt to reach 373mph (600km/h)
dog meat  would  be sold to unwitting customers at the fast food outlet .
dicaprio plans to rehabilitate the area, which has been over-fished and suffers from sand erosion .
hometown hero, andy murray, to wed kim sears in dunblane cathedral .
now gaza-based leaders have sworn bloody revenge on isis terrorists .
officials fear the new company would dominate internet broadband market .
seven-year-old had a titanium frame drilled into his skull for nine weeks .
mr bavishi expressed his fury at police for ignoring an alert from a state of the art alarm in the vault .
parents who refuse to immunised their kids are set to lose up to $15,000 .
he allegedly used social media to prey on children under the age of 16 .
alleged scam occurred between 1999 and 2010 .
exotic mosquitoes were detected in february this year at brisbane, adelaide and perth airports .
officials believe the animals had been dead for months .
family face devastating task of continuing search and planning funeral .
they died last month within two days of each other at the ages of 94 and 95 .
suddenly the whole herd are compelled to run towards the sound .
claimed she was on her way to loan some of the items to museum in paris .
admits he would be hit by his plan for a mansion tax on £2million homes .
it's been calculated that it takes 1.1 gallons of water to grow single almond .
east sussex coroner recorded verdicts of accidental death .
ffa chief executive said he expects perth's management to be removed in the wake of the mess .
staff said it became clear that smith could not afford to pay for £21 dinner .
they will only wear the tops 'internally' and not when they are out patroling .
claim to be sprayed with pesticides and be left unpaid for hours worked .
during long wait airplane ran low on water, food and bathroom supplies .
warren also spoke about current party issues - but refused to compare her politics to those of likely presidential candidate hillary clinton .
incident is being investigated as boating accident; no foul play suspected .
special elections for republican's replacement will be in july, september .
compares potential rival martin o'malley to a simpsons character .
the adults are in a fair condition .
whistleblower says its 'madness' so much personal information is available .
republicans in kansas also want to limit benefit recipients to $25 per day in cash withdrawals with their government-issued welfare debit cards .
couple listed bear for £20,000 on ebay and hope to raise money for house deposit .
paul launched his presidential quest on tuesday in kentucky andis already on a five-state campaign swing .
laing told parole board he is 'high risk' and a 'danger' to drivers .
clients include nab, macquarie bank, sportsgirl, pwc and kikki.k .
he is now facing charges of failing to provide shelter and veterinary bills .
and it’s been hell.
it costs $6000 a month and is not on the pharmaceutical benefits scheme .
now facing four months in jail for assault and breaching restraining order .
has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries .
he criticised locals for wanting to 'dig it up, chop it down, sell it to the chinese' spokesperson for state's tourism industry council said his comments were 'blatant mistruths'
she spoke out after gop candidate marco rubio took flak for saying tuesday that states, not the federal government, should decide the issue .
stunned bystanders just watched as the helicopter flew past the gen. ulysses grant statue and came to a halt .
piper's death brings the national easter long weekend road toll to 10 .
indeed, the consulting and accounting firm ey plans to hire 9,000 graduates from u.s. universities this year, up from 7,500 in 2014 .
shown proof she was killed, he now says she must have died in burglary .
its location near godshill, hants, means the cabin is worth more than twice what it would be worth elsewhere .
it will remain at the iss for a month before returning to earth .
it claims rolling out £9.15 an hour wage would reduce benefits by £6billion .
today he was jailed for 30 months after admitting robbery at southwark crown court .
had to be rescued by fire crews who drilled through thick concrete walls .
hubers described poston was 'vain' to detectives and said she gave him the 'nose job he wanted' by shooting him in the face .
the charges include possession of class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances .
council refused to let them off and initial £25 fine escalated to £400 bill .
couple and captain were stranded on remote beach for four days .
pama has no history of violence and is reportedly 'beside himself' his defence lawyer said he hit out 'blindly' and didn't see his punch connect .
has been placed on leave while school investigates .
a third man has been arrested and is on police bail following the incident .
experts blame battery as most likely cause of blast .
it comes after a 4.38m croc had been eating dogs was caught last month .
hupert revealed that brandt had been taking medication for his depression .
he is now the highest-ranking church official  convicted of sex abuse-related charges .
full cost of the development was only revealed through freedom of information request .
warning: graphic content .
she is now cancer free and has dropped 10 dress sizes .
north now officially a christian and a member of the armenian church .
20 townships across australia have adopted the rent-a-farmhouse model .
assistant fire chief said to have chuckled, said 'this is funny s***' alleged victim vomited in the bathroom and his would-be colleagues stole his clothes .
now, she has found comfort in 51-year-old father-of-three paul draper .
keurig's chief technology officer kevin sullivan has said 'single serve, i think, found the hidden need - the need that people didn't know they had'
over $32,000 has been raised to help the devastated family .
cancer drugs are available on nhs in scotland but not england and wales .
tory mps told to pose  with voters to increase exposure on social media .
ballet performance on the runway kicked off first show of mbfwa .
the incredible loo was then installed in his bar in glendale, california .
o'clee was caught out in elaborate lie after video appeared on facebook .
internet users can pay £10 to view the documents and millions of others .
bristol industrial archaeological society claim it will change appearance .
former tory mp says post office workers were 'dragged through the mud'
policies are unclear, but he'd like win the white house to 'play... with toys' unfortunately, u.s. constitution states that presidents must be at least 35 .
but police investigations uncover 'solid evidence' to make an arrest .
southwark crown court hears of 'sophisticated fraud over several years'
she says she took a shot offered by him at the bar in december 2012 .
moody was married when she gave birth to child and already had three other children .
but by a ‘reputable polling organisation’, later to be revealed to be icm .
kurdish known for their female fighters - but isis known for using children .
it's reported that most pooches sleep in the air and don't get sick .
locals made statements to verify what they had seen to officials .
shepard spent 15 years in prison for sexually abusing two boys and has a history of sex offense dating back two decades .
she has appealed for witnesses to come forward and speak to police .
also discovered the mechanic swearing and boasting about test driving the car .
it's now 89 weeks since a&es met their waiting targets, figures show .
launched this morning's run for your life campaign with nell mcandrew .
no members of the british royal family were able to attend the glitzy celebration in copenhagen .
due to this ban, mutty is unable to work as an engineer in saudi arabia .
friends said that, though dr brandt was upset, show didn't cause his death .
the corporation has released archive material about the secret deal .
had a $10m bounty on his head and was one of the us's most wanted men .
locals blame migrants from elsewhere in africa for a lack of jobs - with neighbours turning on one another .
the team says their proposal could remove 'most' of the debris in orbit .
after, his sister tina wrote on facebook, '[bobbi] woke up and is no longer on life support!!!!!
cardiologists say advice is 'disturbing' and is 'legitimises unhealthy foods'
coroner says it is too early to tell whether drugs or alcohol played a role .
however, having such contrasting skin tones is still extremely rare .
co-pilot and the captain of a different team reported smoke .
its designed to survive harsh conditions - such as the iceberg flipping - and can also float in water .
he retired from service and has been climbing since with the heroes project, a nonprofit organization that helps wounded veterans .
but it stalled within three hours of the mission and has to be abandoned .
the number of cash assistance recipients in kansas has dropped 63per cent since brownback took office, to about 14,700 in february .
he started telling her she was going to die and threatening her child .
parents believe his ability stemmed from dj app he taught himself to use .
comes after court ruled charles's letters to ministers should be published .
swears by peanut butter smoothies and alkaline food delivery service .
they caress each other with their sensitive trunks, 'chirp' and cuddle .
despite the rise in reported cases the number of arrests made decreased .
said he paid because welsh nhs could not perform procedure soon enough .
but waqf, the authority in charge of dome of the rock, reject accusations .
the once-close jenkins sisters have sat on opposite sides of the courtroom throughout the trial in massachusetts .
she is facing dui charges including driving with a .15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car .
giggs recently spoke for the first time about his brother ryan's affair with his former wife .
after sausages are also given a thumbs down, faith and her mother finally settle on jell-o .
people opened their homes, hearts and wallets to the gloriavale refugees .
she intends to sell herself as being able to work with congress, businesses and world leaders .
his "hemp store" alone receives more than 20 requests for help accessing medicinal cannabis each week .
six-month probe reportedly uncovered evidence pointing to hackers working on behalf of kremlin .
budget supermarket aldi have a pair for £19.99 .
felicity jones will star as a rebel soldier .
sale of his collection could fetch £1million with personal gun tipped to get £150,000 alone .
condition tricks the brain into seeing familiar objects in random places .
buck, from bromley, denies manslaughter and gbh - the case continues .
district said yoga taught in secular way to promote  flexibility and balance .
burnell mitchell, 61, and a 53-year-old woman were also arrested on suspicion of terror offences .
but the conman who masterminded the scam originally has not been found .
drug would cost the nhs £1,000 a week to provide and mother cannot afford to pay for it privately .
felines are cooped up in tiny cages then killed, skinned and filleted to eat .
plastic surgeon made five different molds of violet's skull using 3d printer .
the survey results were based on phone interviews conducted from january 2 to march 31 with a sample of 43,575 adults ages 18 and older .
8 out of 10 still buy their adult children's groceries and cook dinner .
officials instead believe the whales may have suffered a parasitic infection while others say the animals may have been attempting to avoid predators .
montenegro is a college student and originally from queens, new york .
they leave australians with cold or flu-like symptoms .
but elsewhere scientists have found methane leaking beneath the arctic .
first crop to be harvested next year with furniture ready for sale in 2017 .
they have been given two weeks to submit a defence ahead of hearing .
not yet known whether today's incident is connected to underground blaze .
doctors said she must lose weight, but ms coulson wants a state-funded support worker to help her write meal plans .
believes her home's previous tenant kept snakes as pets and may have lost it moving out .
lisa says the food and way pupils dine has transformed her daughter's diet .
seen limping towards medics, but was not thought to be seriously hurt .
the medical community said the practice is dangerous for children .
now some are on sale on ebay and volvo is considering selling the spray .
mike fregoe is keeping a small snowball in the freezer to start a new snowman next winter .
gwyneth's healthy food choices have already come under fire from critics who claim they contain nowhere near enough calories for a whole week .
before owner interrupts them and they stop and stare at him in surprise .
knight, 49, was a key player in the gangster rap scene that flourished in the 1990s, and his label once listed dr dre, tupac shakur and snoop dogg .
results could help reveal how galaxies form in the universe .
others cannot leave their work behind as tomer sror continues to make 'hundreds of thousands' while on holiday .
cargo hold was pressurized and temperature controlled, so the man was not in danger .
evans' infant cookbook bubba yum yum: the paleo way was set for release on friday march 13 but was delayed due to health concerns .
influx of snakes is common in april when weather is warmer, rspca says .
he is worried what will happen in syria and that she won't be allowed home .
severe wind warning in place for north wales and northern england with 76mph recorded in snowdonia .
the replica set sail on saturday for it's maiden voyage across the atlantic .
roma defender cole left arsenal to join london rivals chelsea in 2006 .
no threats were made towards hobart airport or flight operations .
mother, paula mckay, has won a £13 million legal battle for compensation .
the findings could help scientists develop new types of rescue robots .
they then set about setting fire to houses filled with unsuspecting families .
the problem is that older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep .
mr matthews is the son of anje galsworthy, who appeared in appeal videos .
the melbourne, australia, native was on a baseball scholarship at the time .
london-based journalist sophie robehmed found hers in birmingham .
his owner is urging pet owners to be careful about what their dogs pick up .
the condition had wiped away the past 17 years of her memory overnight .
‘concern is that the installations will give the chinese the ability to project force  much better' - rusi expert .
they were heartbroken to discover they are not related .
howard, who died in january 2014, often wore the jewellery .
a black pair of boots appear behind the small child .
couple documented the experience and shared the photos of how they created their new family on instagram .
a crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours .
a case worker and a cop looked into his past and uncovered his records .
principal coby fletcher denied the school has an 'abstinence only' policy .
afterwards she revealed she is in a relationship and writing a second book .
after the first day, barner says the new tattoo started to puss and continues to be painful to this day .
veronica ‘roni’ gonzalez, 43 and her fiance's sister killed in the collision .
so far resisted all attempts by animal welfare workers to make him leave .
quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day beijing, one of the most populous cities in the world .
high lasts for couple hours and users have strong desire to re-use .
guests are warned not to be too physical with the vines .
a youtube video featuring his skills has more than two million views .
it may have formed when melting ice caused an explosion of material .
police are investigating whether the shooting was revenge for the fatal traffic accident .
it is not known what will happen if the timer drops to zero .
military and political officials and relatives of original 80 raiders attended .
judge gave him conversion charge and will drop recent robbery charge if he stays out of trouble for a year .
kim kardashian remained glamorous in strappy heels and tight dresses .
the victim was being restrained by an undercover officer when bates ran up .
one man was escorted from the plane by spanish police upon arrival .
fired 32 bullets at fiona bone and nicola hughes and threw a grenade .
wants £10,000 loan to fund wedding, but unclear how she will pay it back .
the driver stopped soon after the incident road and blamed bazarov .
she announced recently she would be leaving twitter for the near future .
as well as 14 bathrooms the castle has its very own swimming pool .
homeland security chief called for calm and no over-reaction to security breach .
the couple have thanked people 'around the world' for good luck notes .
breach comes a few days after a gyrocopter landed on capitol's lawn .
slung false accusations at those wearing backpacks or acting strangely .
mr miliband also refused to say how much labour would be borrowing .
the shows have been renamed and will not feature any top gear branding .
relatives of ms kiran today made emotional appeal for her to come home .
there's no news about whether the goggles will ever go on sale .
neil said finished product was 'terrible' but he managed to finish his slice .
when they tried to sell local authorities said the alterations were illegal .
the scientific community at large says vaccines are not dangerous .
nhs worker is having laser removal to try and rid of the botched inkwork .
experts say video is first 'real evidence' she is involved with all-women al-khanssaa brigade at 'high level'
esayed, 22, could face 14 years in prison after she admitted  encouraging terrorism and disseminating terrorist publications .
but it is not clear where the blob has come from - or how long it will stay .
he confronted ex-wife terri cole on august 21, 1998 and used a kitchen knife to repeatedly stab curtis and terri cole; she survived the stabbing .
one surgeon is said to have removed corneas from 2,000 living people .
but the man has yet to explain 'the circumstances of the death'
stewart also confessed that his 'moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent .
it's australia's least well-controlled of all vaccine-preventable diseases .
dr parker was assessed at a sydney hospital as a precaution .
farage says he's held informal talks with tories about post election deal .
the restaurant worker, 20, is planning to change her name via deed poll .
he now wants to show his school bullies that he's defeated them .
'had the perpetrator been white, i doubt it would have resulted in such gross generalizations,' wrote stevens afterwards on facebook .
writing a 'gratitude journal' is also linked with better heart health, they said .
clinton has yet to publicly articulate her own platform of issues and policy goals as a presidential candidate .
they have used 3d scanning to reconstruct the bird's range of hearing .
the plans were announced by mary ellen smith, corporate vice president of worldwide operations, who herself has a 19-year-old autistic son .
conservatives are only major party not to make same manifesto pledge .
coroner ruled he was likely trying to play a prank when he died in august .
the group is spraying over slogans and posting pictures on social media .
the gun was found to be locked with loose wire that was not wrapped enough when police recovered it from the scene .
faked using a fishing pole and a styrophome model from a historical film .
wrestling's popularity in senegal make it a lucrative business in a country where the average annual income is $980 .
but certain communities along the coast are too far from high ground for a safe evacuation - no matter how fast they walk .
but the cps has pursued other suspected paedophiles with illness .
qantas blamed air congestion at heathrow and dubai airports .
morseman said his son leeim gives him inspiration to run the races .
he was arrested  for administering the drug to his daughter .
shae-lee shackleford, lana kington, madison lloyd performed on ellen .
nearly $95,000 in income came from sales of the president's books .
when her father got home from work he alerted police .
the findings may help treat stroke patients who struggle to detect sarcasm .
price will be around £4 for a pack of 20 and a machine will cost around £80 .
the defense calls the maneuver an unprofessional delay tactic almost unheard of in a murder case .
person taken ill on uk-bound flight from angola and plane lands at paris charles de gaulle .
she is planning to release her medical records when she collects them all .
the mum, from sydney's northern beaches, wanted to let her family in wa and queensland see how millie-belle was growing .
of all the stunning buildings, the one i'm drawn to is gaudi's casa batllo .
this amount is far, far greater than the $93million cbs chairman sumner redstone made in 2013, the highest paid television executive .
she continued to have periods, and had no baby bump and no cravings .
authorities have called it the most successful run for drug seizures in the area since 2009 .
experts: pleasure associated with a game can release natural painkillers .
officers are searching for three other missing tenants and the man's aunt .
also revealed teens were being recruited of top isis official, neil prakash .
ms d'argent has filed a statement of claim at the county court of victoria .
thought to be caused by a coal seam spontaneously combusting .
hospitality industry leaders claim the law comprises a 'form of prohibition'
others include toronto in canada, ho chi minh city in vietnam and colombo in sri lanka .
defendants 'beat pensioner around head and left him face down in pond'
spieth won countless plaudits following sunday's masters victory not just for his golf but also his humble attitude .
for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .
they have asked the public to help search along roadsides in the area .
kenyan special forces 'took seven hours to arrive at scene of massacre'
the accident and emergency doctor is being hailed as a hero by colleagues .
he was indicted on a reckless-conduct charge on wednesday .
mr almond, 26, forced to curb habit after craze almost landed him in debt .
comes a day after a convicted murderer was pictured partying with illegal alcohol in a film which he shared online .
community leader said the rules went against the 'ethos' of their faith .
michael gove has argued for return to traditional teacher-led lessons .
whittington was 'filmed hitting a toddler in the face so hard that he falls' he took to facebook on sunday asking for a 'second chance' asked for his son and wife to be 'left out of this' as he is 'made to suffer'
gruesome image shows victim's dead body surrounded by prayer beads .
julie sweet from clovelly said she is constantly questioned for her choice .
former champion is now offering to tweet 'anything' in return for $20 .
stores popular with celebrities including victoria beckham and lady gaga .
she has now admitted wasting police time and will be sentenced in may .
ms riccioni was killed in a car accident on easter monday .
the third victim was allegedly fondled .
left blind in one eye and said he now 'doesn't feel safe in his own home'
it comes at a time of heightened tension between britain and russia .
cycle campaigners have organised 'vigil and die-in' at site on april 20 .
insects are full of protein, low in fat and packed full of nutrients .
julius wilson is shown on dash cam being hit by taser after traffic stop .
3,500 people have signed a petition calling on the home office to allow the family to stay .
the violent fray was captured by police helicopter footage .
the ruling came a year after the nba banned sterling for life over a recording of him telling stiviano not to associate with black people .
service started out as novelty when owner began etching rabbits .
the groundbreaking design can offer functions like self-lubrication .
operation known as project wildfire ran from february 23 to march 31 .
instead he found a neurosurgeon who would do the operation .
he is the son of prominent san diego businessman glenn doshay, who is a minority owner of the san diego padres baseball team .
the couple enjoyed a three-hour bateaux new york cruise on the hudson .
appellant accused the attorneys of not responding to his calls or letters .
five-year-old awel, who survived the crash was at the funeral .
animal rights activists have been campaigning against the treatment of the chained tigers posing with tourists for photos for years .
mayoral candidate mr roberts successfully completed the jump for charity .
church of the flying spaghetti members say colander is religious garment .
sourcedna has released a search tool to see if your phone is at risk .
o'connell went on to marry rebecca in 2007 and they had two children .
hupert revealed that brandt had been taking medication for his depression .
he is hoping for visa or green card but can't yet collect social security .
both ran florida wildlife sanctuary called the critter place .
seasoned travellers spend $700 on eating out and shopping during a stay .
cosmetic surgeon admitted 'his penis is a disaster' he needed hours of surgery in order to recover .
his work is currently on display at traffic jam galleries in neutral bay .
the defense says hernandez's admissions are made up, the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low iq .
sailors are being held and are due back in court on monday .
24% of men says they're single because 'all the good ones are taken' one single woman reveals her friend didn't invite her to a birthday dinner as she would 'ruin table numbers'
woman, who wants to remain anonymous, was sex trafficked to the uk .
two alleged attackers have been charged with attempted murder .
us is stepping up weapons deliveries in support of the saudi-led coalition .
he crashed the bmw into a bollard in front of a shop and was arrested .
he was flown to safety and returned to his relieved parents unharmed .
they planned to sell the home to fellow conman benjamin khoury, aged 26 .
on monday, he apologized for the comment after widespread criticism .
o'connor said in a recent interview of this; 'god has blessed us for standing up for what we believe, and not denying him' also on saturday, openly gay basketball stars jason collins and derrick gordon arrived for the ncaa final four in indianapolis .
the program was approved by every administration beginning with president george h.w.bush .
sobbed uncontrollably as the verdict was read out and said: 'i didn't do it' turned to her husband and asked him to make sure her five-year-old twins don't forget her .
georgina chapman meanwhile has been busy working on her upcoming spring/summer 2016 bridal collection for her  marchesa .
rio ferdinand was fined for  including the word 'sket' in a tweet .
hennepin county medical examiner said the cause and manner of barway's death are still being investigated .
users navigate round in the same way that google street view works .
her son was jailed for two years and three months for stealing £52,000 .
passer-by found her wandering the streets crying and waving her hands .
stamp duty alone is enough for treasury to pay year's salary of 330 nurses .
two students and two teachers were injured in the attack this morning .
we're on shell's platform.
that idea was actually under consideration, but later scrapped over maintenance concerns and 'having to retrieve people from it'
hebridean whale and dolphin trust is recruiting volunteers for monitoring .
findings could explain high nicotine levels in some spices and teas .
she reveals all about her sex life and the effect it has on her confidence .
activists filed a lawsuit against the museum for withholding information .
one of their most popular videos, which demonstrates how to make frozen-themed popsicles, has received 57 million views in less than a year .
investigators now want to determine why the captain left the cockpit .
lucy is oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found .
could also be used to improve self driving cars on earth .
now cold-case squad detectives said they have crucial new evidence .
a virtual fight ensues before rogue teacher steals the id of real one .
but festival security then intervened and put singer in chokehold and removed him from the area .
last year nestle sliced its killer pythons in half from 47g to 24g .
'she threatened to throw me out of the house.
officials from both comcast and time warner cable have denied the reports .
firefighters had to wait for the fires to subside before entering, because they were ignited by oil .
evidence shows authorities knew hydrogen cyanide leaked into family home .
it was a similar case for four other families, including stuart's close friends .
the dog owner called the pet away from the toddler but then fled the scene .
his mother is reduced to tears through laughter as she listens .
theories include helical roll vortices - rolls of rotating and spiralling air - and seasonal changes in wind direction .
officials believe gang were constructing the passageway in a bid to smuggle drugs covertly into the u.s.
they say the prime minister shouldn't be glorifying binge drinking .
help for heroes has launched a fundraising drive to pay for robert's care .
he has now been jailed for 12 years after being convicted of wounding .
stancil lists 'white power' as his interests on facebook and has white supremacist tattoos, including an '88' to signify 'heil hitler' he will now be extradited back to north carolina .
she chose to respond by posting even more photos of her baby to take a stand against the bullies .
she gave birth alone in her mother's bed and her little sister died .
distressing scenes were shown on tv causing great hysteria and concern .
the names of the supervisors who did his field training have been redacted .
was seen on cctv wearing guard's uniform and driving his suv .
his hunting mate believed his dim headlight was the glint of a deer's eyes .
she has more than 52,000 global followers on streaming platform twitch .
said his new home was 'fantastic' and it was 'lovely' to have his independence back .
he applied for early parole but was told he'd spent at least 15 years in jail .
the bbc trust has cleared the way for firms to buy their way into lifestyle programmes on the world news channel in a product placement experiment.
sylvia freedman, who was holidaying there when the storm hit, captured the strange phenomenon on her camera .
the former scrabble champion stepped in front of a train last november .
also named the five least nutritious ones that should be avoided .
royal baby number two, who is due within weeks, is likely to do the same .
lee said hearing dempsey trivialize son's sacrifice brought her to tears .
how does your staff canteen measure up?
she is suing actress for emotional distress and therapy bills .
anderson is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile over the sexual relationship which took place in july and august of 2013 .
health officials said they have eight confirmed cases of norovirus .
rivals pandora and spotify sit in first and third place respectively .
judge spoke about her case when dealing with brawl outside a bar .
it's her way of giving me an angel' she gave birth on christmas day .
pair wrote bestselling book, promise you won’t freak out, in 2004 .
the sale will knock 65 to 75 per cent off handbags, shoes and accessories .
statom said she wanted to show smith that the courtroom was an area he couldn't intimidate or control .
prime minister shinzo abe was not in residence at the time .
results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts .
san francisco offers its guests a choice of two yoga rooms to unwind in .
but in tragic twist doctor had fled due to attacks by xenophobic hordes .
'i didn't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves.
the government wants seoul to be portrayed as 'high tech' and 'modern'
sister ship, the explorer of the seas, has recently undergone refurbishment and will sail around the mediterranean .
doyle was given a 10-month jail sentence but has been released because of the time she has already served .
officers said lubricating oil used at one workshop made them feel sick .
'i joined a new club... it’s the ivf baby club,' the 33-year-old said .
his adventures have led him into tricky situations, including being robbed at knife point and strip searched at gun point .
carnival spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to new caledonia, vanuatu and fiji .
he was criticised by members of his government as well as the public .
prince harry will also be in london this weekend for the london marathon .
plane was towed to the gate and passengers allowed to disembark .
the store says she broke their policy by having so much cash in the till .
political sources want the decision overturned over 'whitewash' fears .
new jersey judge compared grisly murder to al capone's st valentine's day massacre .
dumb and dumber to is out now on blu-ray and dvd .
andrew rule, 54, is accused of bullying her into giving him $23,327 and is said to have at times 'threatened suicide and screamed obscenities at her' two sons, along with their two siblings, are given an estimated $25,000 combined monthly salary through mother's corporation, rule enterprises .
supermarket has now reversed decision after a complaint from his family .
'i was frightened for our lives,' said pauline, from ludlow, shropshire .
his family play games at his grave every year and hope their story will be a warning to other parents about dangers of putting furniture near windows .
family pay tribute to 'wonderful' and 'friendly' teenager .
returned to the lecture room for a second day in a row today .
townsend admitted criminal damage and must pay £500 compensation .
'he's a special dog and he's going to a special child,' said an employee at shriner's hospital .
texan gayla met her husband lance, from canada, on a fat-fetish forum .
customers complain everything at luton airport is chargeable .
taylor swift recently pulled all of her music off of the site in protest .
extremists are now targeting the mentally ill and very young, he said .
he and an accomplice are locked up for targeting two women .
an inmate who was approached by donohue went to police with information on how the prisoner tried to pay him to kill his wife .
has now been awarded a £20,000 payout by an employment tribunal .
joined isis last year after serving a prison sentence in the uk for fraud .
he chose boston to be his final marathon because he received a life-saving procedure in the city when he was child .
it follows the announcement of sky's standalone mobile network on o2 .
social media users have left comments roasting the popular steakhouse .
worth from £300 to thousands, the no-reserve lots could go for a bargain .
numbers are already slightly ahead this year for numbers of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students .
other countries are expected to follow as numbers of fm listener drop .
while smokers may be told they cannot have ivf procedures on the nhs .
fiorina says she can take clinton's edge as a woman off the table .
kim kardashian - who is armenian on her father's side - and the pope have both called the killings a genocide .
while australians use double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji .
for confidential help, call the national suicide prevention lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here .
he has no plans to stop taking she snaps when he retires .
it is believed to be an ancient pagan ritual that heralds the arrival of spring .
tonight: spotlight – nigel farage is on itv at 7.30pm tonight .
has undergone 240 procedures to remove objects - but some still remain .
this will be conducted at the lone pine service on anzac day .
lib dems are 'in tune' with public, but struggling to turn into votes .
he had autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (adpkd), which caused his kidneys to grow to 20 times the normal size .
solomon accepted plea deal that will send her to prison for 3 1/2 years .
but virginia court rules boardwine has the right to be involved as a parent .
dungog is one of the areas hardest hit in the state by what's being called the storm of the century .
tories said getting people working was better than providing hand-outs .
found a mother-of-one called shannon willing to help them conceive .
wednesday's settlement would pay them about $190,000 on average .
police said the algerian national was in contact with a man in syria 'who clearly asked him to target a church' dna also reportedly links him to sunday's murder of aurelie chatelain .
she wrote her name as her detention number and draws a disturbing self-portrait showing her mouth stitched up .
she is incontinent and confined to her house unable to walk or drive .
manchester united dominate twitter followers in asia while chelsea are strong in south america .
manderson originally didn't know .
the arresting police officer screams at the man .
ambassador to libya chris stevens and three other us personnel .
don's owner tom hamilton was tending to a lamb when drama unfolded .
later revealed that he had used his ipod to take around 53 photos of at least two patients .
marilyn's children have all but cut off contact with the loved-up pair .
boris johnson called on the pm to send the sas to libya to solve crisis .
noise-induced hearing loss is most common work-related illness in the us .
'why do you have to be so f***ing picky,' daughter brooke yells.
comes after two black holes found to be seven years from merging .
rigorous tests have drenched the matches in buckets, buried them in mud, and blown them with a compressed air hose .
palaeontologists say the plates could have been used to help attract a mate .
witnessed contained smith in a parking lot but she attacked him .
the whole pantry founder's empire is in tatters .
he claims the couple ignored him after he sat with them at a dinner table .
the 41-year-old, of macclesfield, cheshire, pleaded guilty to drink driving .
three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined a total of £40,000 .
fiend faced death penalty for child rape, but paid victims' families to get off .
charges were eventually dropped after holder could not be located when hardy's lawyers appealed the decision and asked for a jury trial .
he said that work rather than benefits is the best way to avoid poverty .
dog was found 42 miles from where she ran away .
craig tyler, victim's husband, says little elisa has been having recurring dream featuring a white van at crash scene .
he also said no one was standing behind the girl .
curry was sentenced to four years and two months in prison last month for repeatedly sleeping with a sex offender at the same prison .
mimics great hollywood physique changes like matthew mcconaughey going from magic mike hunk to dallas buyers club aids patient .
car set to sell for double what it fetched at auction when sold four years ago .
42-year-old spanish royal had just presented him with a prize .
astronomers hope the telescope will help further the search for alien life .
preparing your lunch at home could see a saving of up to £1,300 a year .
body of missing chef, 35 when she disappeared in 2009, hasn't been found .
engine was stripped, fully rebuilt and new chassis fitted in 1983 - but it has hardly been touched since .
martinez was suspended for three days for the unconventional move .
other items include a diaper made from reindeer skin and fur .
he said his co-accused evans was the one with a 'twisted desire to kill' duffy reportedly buried ms ayers in shallow grave on her parents property .
however, the young bow tie-wearing actor went on to make a swift recovery and bounced back to the podium .
the family are now suing brown mortuary service for the upsetting blunder .
there are three other sites being looked at that would not displace as many people .
campbell said the pair shed tears together at the the cosmopolitan fun fearless female awards last year as gibson told her fake story .
lyme disease can cause  joint and heart problems if left untreated .
'he was the best bloke i knew,' said a friend who wished not to be named .
save our state group that accosted knight has been linked to white supremacists .
multi-millionaire was criticised for 'tacky' merchandise at diamond jubilee .
i was embarrassed,' he wrote on facebook .
three passengers passed out on board the flight and an additional 15 adults and two children were evaluated upon landing .
convicted april 15 of first-degree murder for killing lloyd in june of 2013 .
swain quit two-thirds of a mile into 1.8-mile journey and said it was like 'swimming into a dirty diaper' swimmer gargled peroxide and had special tablet on hand to fight against contaminated water entering his body and making him sick .
he said he had to scale back his campaigning to rejuvenate himself .
he said: 'i just cannot read mr cameron’s mind.
execution images were released on same day as isis made bizarre attempt to portray life under the terror as a pastoral ideal with farmer photographs .
she also 'tried to head-butt a deputy and threatened to kill him'
almost one in five vets suspect they have treated an bestiality victim .
postman mr gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds .
lawyers representing his alleged victims have asked for answers .
he made pledge on wednesday after bombing raids appeared to resume, despite an official announcement that they would be halted last night .
hot metal skewer put in mouths of those caught smoking .
embarrassing items purchased online include underwear, personal hygiene and action figures .
he said the royal navy should be sent to patrol the mediterranean .
'when are you going to rise up and attack them?'
she says she later found robert haney being eaten by her pigs and shot him out of mercy .
test is available in 45 us states and needs to be ordered by a physician .
the dr oz show will air a special episode thursday, most of which will be dedicated to his rebuttal .
her accused murderer is the school cleaner, vincent stanford .
prime minister gave his approval, telling boris:  'if in doubt, wedge it in'
she said mr key kept touching her hair despite being told to stop .
but legal experts believe the area is likely to already by part of serbia .
other honorees who attended the event included diane von furstenberg, lorne michaels, laverne cox, and bradley cooper .
experts refute his claims saying 'ssris work in the real world of the clinic'
sadly nine of the children died and the couple soon used up their savings .
it was expected jackson would wake paralysed from the extremely risky op .
the cps has pursued at least 19 suspected paedophiles with dementia .
the downstairs kitchen is used by the family's live-in nanny .
the tattoo contravenes the organization's strict policy concerning size and placement .
hundreds of yellow balloons were released following her funeral service to the tune of 'home' earlier in the day people in eugowra and canowindra painted the town yellow with balloons and streamers .
also had relations with another teacher .
more than 30 indian farmers have killed themselves in north and west india .
had called the victim's mother and lied to her to get information .
ghosh admitted theft at court and was given 12-month community service .
it reflects growing number of couples seeking to cut wedding costs .
the current visa figures compare to those in the aftermath of world war ii .
many former pilots and aircrew think they've suffered long-term illnesses .
copeland admitted a count of fraud in 2007.
had to undergo emergency surgery to stop infection spreading to the bone .
here some of britain's real-life rapunzels show off their lengthy tresses .
they are now seeking another £10,000 so they can transport the massey shaw back to dunkirk 70 years later .
dr canavero has been called 'nuts' by critics who think his plans a fantasy .
temple died in february 2014 aged 85 and her 417-page fbi file was obtained by daily mail online under freedom of information act rules .
police are not releasing much information at this time, but did reveal the suspect and victims knew one another .
adoration is unlikely to translate into votes - fans are mostly teenagers .
he argues that more new species are being discovered than are being lost .
pools will use sophisticated filtration system to clean polluted river water .
after his conviction, boase said: 'it is my intention to never drink again'
after that she will return for five more rounds of chemotherapy .
decision follows a year of wrangling between planes' owner and graceland .
mrs thomas raised £2,000 in a day for helmet therapy to treat the condition .
chowdhury was convicted of murder and will be sentenced on may 1 .
the kenosha professional police association claims the billboard is simply to thank the local community for its support .
but the former cop and navy veteran continued to stay active and advocated for better trails for people in wheelchairs .
he was then reunited with his owners and luckily was uninjured .
falsified patient document for fake cyclist injury on the a470 at dolgellau .
the avn has issued a statement saying it does not support the 'message or its sentiments' the group also said the facebook page is not affiliated with the group .
her brother apparently saw her covered in flames and threw water on her .
banned and ordered to pay a total of £330 - but asked for time to comply .
the agency's budget has been cut by $1.2 billion since 2010 .
girls aged between 13 and 16 were exploited by the gang from 2009 to 2014 .
trump deleted it, but the internet is forever .
the judge wrote in his decision mta and chairman thomas prendergast 'underestimate the tolerant quality of new yorkers'
the plane, including the staff and crew, is also available for private charter .
ms bailey said mr key kept touching her hair despite being told to stop .
this week she finally admitted she never actually had cancer .
milat brutally murdered seven backpackers between 1989 and 1992 .
after being locked up, he 'flooded jail' by breaking a water pipe .
masood mansouri, 33, from saltney, denies rape, kidnap and sexual assault .
man in torrance noticed his neighbor was altering his car and called police .
after a year of planning, she says she 'knew something had to go wrong'
born into an acting family, he's best friends with robert pattinson .
patel was last seen in surveillance footage at a best western near newark liberty international airport on april 13 .
he safely released it back into the bushland just kilometres away .
gibson admitted she never had a terminal brain cancer .
dusty asks for scratches and tries to sneak dog treats when he can .
she admitted wilfully neglecting frail mrs hadlow but will not be jailed .
an investigation into what was behind the flint blaze continues .
west midlands police released the footage to help track down the conmen .
he will drive passengers around florida in his brand new dodge charger .
isis branding suggests the terrorists now controls boko haram releases .
she claims his death has allowed him to avoid a mammoth tax bill .
officer said he had no choice but to 'shoot or run over' the armed man .
they currently weigh 2.5lbs but are set to grow to a heftier 650lbs .
hillary helped approve that $610 million sale in 2010, which gave vladimir putin-linked company control over one-fifth of america's uranium .
mr cordina was told that the museum needed them more than he did .
in it she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving ordeal .
teratomas are often found in ovaries, testes but more rarely in the brain .
court documents claimed rebels engaged in drug dealing, extortion and kidnapping under vella .
numbers will live in the cloud so users can talk on any connected tablet .
the report recommended that the agency reviews all security equipment .
body of missing chef, 35 when she disappeared in 2009, hasn't been found .
these 'climate wiggles' were not properly accounted for in ipcc report .
experts chalked the surge down to high profile cases like jimmy savile's .
the passenger seated in the front seat coughed through the headset .
the store said she broke their policy by having so much cash in the till .
he was spared jail after admitting assault at beverley magistrates court .
chairman sir david walker defended  pay out of £1.86billion in bonuses .
police believe that the four attackers are all in their late teens or early 20s .
have landed tv careers and want to promote healthy  body image .
but the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet .
here, retail industry veterans, plus mail writers, identify what went wrong .
burton had three children aged between 4 and 9 and after growing up without a father his dream had been to raise his own kids .
those living under isis are already banned from wearing jeans or items of clothing carrying provocative language or swear words .
mr clegg warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling cameron .
sand springs police department turned findings over to tulsa county da .
one described 'waking up in bed naked next to him after being drugged' gloria allred, lawyer for many of the 38 alleged victims, represents them .
kelsey belnap, allison huguet and hillary mclaughlin said they had been raped by university of montana football players .
has been linked to a string of deaths as it causes people to overheat .
miss craven has been told it's likely she will receive caution for theft .
judge ruled wednesday that robinson's lawyers waited too long to file an insanity defense earlier this month, with her trial set to start next week .
in certain circumstances' education secretary nicky morgan agreed, as did the lib dem david laws .
witness said 'whoever did this, stinks more than  whale's rotting flesh'
only 5,000 can stay in europe, eu leaders are expected to announce today .
two of those individuals are trish cohen, parma's former police chief, and rich medley, the town's former assistant police chief .
a home office probe into 1989 disaster which claimed 96 lives is ongoing .
she also fought off cervical cancer after she was diagnosed in 2012 .
bill gates says some environmental impacts of meat have been overstated .
became a symbol for  feminism for the wartime women who stayed home .
26-year-old was sentenced to eight months in jail, suspended for two years .
listeners called interview 'disgusting' and accused bbc of left-wing bias .
a few years later he moved to pakistan and became an al qaeda propagandist .
indonesian president confirmed executions 'only a matter of time' the pair and the other death row prisoners will be killed by firing squad .
the 22-year-old is a senior studying communications at the university of kentucky .
e4 is the most popular channel for 16-34 year olds, watched by 8.7 million .
it comes day after australia and turkey sign anti-terrorism treaty .
led to them relying more on firemen to attend life threatening emergencies .
tesco said wine was made by supplier and has launched an investigation .
police said driver broke traffic regulations but they failed to track him down .
hanline says all he wants to do now is fish and spend time with his wide .
no one is thought to have died from the two explosions but chile's president has declared a state of emergency .
its propellers ricochet off the ground before pilot re-engages engines .
british vets say use of homeopathy could lead to serious health detriment .
google and uber are already working on technology for self-driving taxis .
'how this continued for six years  kind of boggles my mind' - analyst .
tories are keen to drive the lib dems out of the south-west at the election .
judges found the charge was 'not extravagant or unconscionable'
we’re not afraid of anything,' doyle reportedly joked .
'the meerkat' allows passengers to recline without annoying others .
family has built memorial, plans to push for small park in memory of son .
paul the apostle was an instrumental figure in the spread of christianity .
leading psychologist believes gibson could be suffering from both anti-social behaviour and narcissism disorders .
he was sentenced today and is banned from contacting ms branco again .
dybalski plans on sharing the money with her and her friend's family and plans to address 'a couple issues around the house'
it was launched on 24 april 1990  and, after a shaky start, has had a hugely successful career .
amelia, now size 8, says the cambridge weight plan transformed her diet .
tipler was ordered to pay pay back just £28,737 within six months or spend another 18 months in prison.
one father said a 'gap in the market for meaning' led people toward religion .
73-year-old killed the father after drawing gun instead of taser during sting .
it is where the beatles played their last concert in 1966 .
comes after tomlinson appeared on exclusive daily mail online video in which zayn malik appeared to smoke drug .
but in 1982 americans counted nearly 100 an hour and in 1803 it was as high as 700 an hour .
'she was the sole reason why i was living and breathing and able to come home to my son and wife,' said mcdonald of his four legged partner .
it's believed karen middleton sbs political reporter's departure comes after she didn't   'fit the bill' laing said article did not take into account decade of working 'damn hard' told daily mail australia that reaction to her letter has been supportive .
the shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national 'black lives matter' movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities .
exhausted elephant  cannot stand up and is being treated with medication .
customers were misled or bullied into buying policies they did not need .
the flight was turned around after just 14 minutes in the air and returned to seattle where junior was rescued .
vulnerability has been tested and confirmed on the samsung galaxy s5 .
he says police gave him a call on wednesday, ordering him to take it down .
with stunning surroundings, the island has its own water supply and its buildings are solar powered .
he admitted one count of supplying heroin and was jailed for a year .
breakthrough could provide the world with more sustainable fuels .
she had wanted to go and see her husband in a nursing home but knew it wouldn't be safe .
he joked that the train trip allowed him a night of peace without the family .
a home office probe into 1989 disaster which claimed 96 lives is ongoing .
the lib dems, meanwhile, were given just £50,000 and ukip £8,000 .
video shows him slamming her to the concrete of the car park .
the sex offender may have shaved off his thick beard, police say .
australian pm tony abbott advised the eu  'to stop the boats'
experts said benefits of having ovaries removed lasted for up to 15 years .
free app is currently in beta and only available on android devices .
fcc staffers recommended the merger be sent to a judge for review - a significant regulatory hurdle .
challenges another theory that says our ancestors were more worm-like .
tyrrell was arrested wednesday on capital murder charges and is being held on $1million bond .
but the likelihood that life is similar to that on earth is low, nasa claims .
felipe, 47, was joined by  wife letizia, 42, at university of alcala de henares .
the four-bedroom, two-storey sandstone property was built in 1880 .
despite promising to pay eventually, she slaps the man across the face .
friends who were with him said there 'was no foul play at all' and that parks had not been drinking nor was he impaired in any way .
this code gives the driver keyless access to the boot and as soon as it is closed the vehicle locks automatically and the code is revoked .
she picked who lived and who was sent to the gas chambers to die .
now a photojournalist has ventured into the building, capturing eery photos that offer a glimpse into music history .
ms sturgeon also revealed her tv habits and recent image makeover .
manufacturer say they have offered to fix mr beefnah's car free of charge .
while the difference is only small in the short term, getup argues that it accumulates to hundreds and even thousands of dollars more over years .
hard rock hotel confirmed ice machine  removed for health and safety but was unable to say if wood was still a guest for 'security reasons'
says spiralized food is 'delicious' and she has more energy than before .
latvian bardelis remarkably escaped injury and continued with his ascent .
she believes it was divine intervention that told her to return and save him .
she has also received threatening phone calls .
pete evans has shared two incredible stories on social media .
several carnivores used the cave as a den at the time 200,000 years ago .
the pair were released from jail on thursday after choosing the latter .
sheriffs eventually caught the pony and returned him to his owner .
speaking after, petraeus apologized for his 'mistakes' but thanked his supporters and said he was looking forward to moving on with his life .
paul mccartney and wife nancy shevell still top the adult rich list .
his third escape from a henderson county prison was august 6, 1976 .
men were executed after isis militants accused them of being a gay couple .
he was remanded in custody and will appear before court in manchester .
obsolete camera may now be taken down after engineers examine device .
relationship therapy and near death scare helped couple back on track .
he wants parents to expose their children to a range of healthy food .
republican presidential candidates have to figure out what their stance is on the subject as potential new policies could be established .
janet street porter and her other co-stars leapt to her defence .
method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds .
in 2009 a student nurse complained he had inappropriate photoghraphs .
this will help identify which twin is guilty in a criminal case, for example .
the 25-year-old has undergone four major operations since the fire .
prosecutors believed steele had planned the killings abnd a third sister said he had displayed inappropriate feelings towards tollefsbol .
dna also reportedly links algerian to murder of dancer aurelie chatelain .
the clinton health access initiative is refiling forms from at least 2 years .
the plume of ash and smoke blanketed the sky and was visible in towns up to 100 miles away in argentina .
school cleaner vincent stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder .
found not guilty by a jury and he said tearfully 'the truth finally came out'
many of faults awakened by drilling have not moved in millions of years .
uefa threatens to ban greece from international football in row over law .
so he wanders the streets with her picture and appeal attached to his chest .
police will review nearby surveillance footage to determine what happened .
later the candidate said he had been feeling poorly all day before show .
investigators found 41 videos, 34 of which showed victims as they showered .
now can only carry out light exercise but feels 'lucky to be alive'
mother-of-two was badly burned in lanzarote at the age of 15 .
james may says bbc should not attempt show with 'surrogate jeremy'
crespo faces up to 21 years in state prison if convicted .
the plastic surgeon who is currently in pakistan denies the allegations .
gop presidential candidate marco rubio did not; ted cruz tried to stop her nomination from moving forward and was missing during the final vote .
slammed prosecutors for seeking the death penalty during the first trial .
george earned a reputation as an intellectual leader and a leading figure in some of the most prominent events in the u.s. church .
raw foodie taline gabrielian came up with no-cook version of the classic .
others contained declarations of love and said 'i've never been happier'
it will allow english mpsto set separate rate of income tax to scotland .
this included inaccurate costumes and referring to one woman as 'beaver's breath' the film also stars nick nolte, steve buscemi, blake shelton and taylor lautner, who has previously said he has distant native american ancestry .
suzanne was handcuffed and thrown to the ground by officers, something paul claims he captured in a video .
the uk government has defended its role in helping to overthrow dictator .
he has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets .
davis claimed he's changed in prison, earning a phd and becoming a minister .
but skin still has hairs on it, meaning he now needs to shave his mouth .
west is married with a son and resigned from spring high school in spring, texas, following his arrest .
the clip shows how he is able monitor his child's location from the sky .
co-chief executive jurgen fitschen expressed regret for the rigging and said no one on the management board had known about the misconduct .
some contain toxic materials like lead and mercury which damage environment and people sifting through them .
he was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes of the mrs merton show and was handed a suspended sentence last year .
5 men were arrested including the gang's leader, a well-known artefact thief .
cheever accused city officials of violating her freedom of religion because she considers cooking and feeding the poor a free exercise of her faith .
father ben helped deliver baby theo, who ruben is besotted with .
roy was found dead of carbon monoxide poisoning in his idling truck .
headteacher says two pupils have been temporarily excluded over incident .
police found missing chunk the next day.
hernandez's cell will have a bunk, writing desk and stool, a combination sink and toilet and room for a tv, if he wants to spend $200 .
rep. elijah cummings said officials were concerned about injuring people on the ground if an attempt was made to shoot down hughes .
he spent time in california substance abuse facility and prison .
it could take investigators months to determine whether to file criminal charges against trucker john wayne johnson .
they are seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages .
among them was boat of libyans who were suffering from severe burns .
he is more pragmatic with his money nowadays and city are on the brink of a return to the second tier .
west ham tried to sign adebayor in january but deal did not go through .
but jose mourinho insists he will give youth players a chance .
schofield is a speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues .
win moves middlesbrough on to 78 points in the championship in fourth .
his compatriots ronaldo, cafu and ronaldinho also make the cut .
now, hollywood bosses snapped up the rights to turn military historian mark felton's book about the escape into a blockbuster .
they kicked mr hassan to death and stole some of his gambling winnings .
vincent kompany failed to impress in man city's defeat by man united .
hazard has helped chelsea to win the capital one cup and the club are on the brink of the premier league title .
an appeal has raised £10,000 in four days to help him stay in his own home .
blues sit 11 points adrift of the play-off places with four games to play .
tens of thousands of innocent people killed on demand it is claimed .
qpr tried to send mauro zarate back to west ham before he flopped .
falcao had just 19 touches in the first half at stamford bridge .
his biggest weapon is ability to make money - club has £34m in the bank .
real madrid beat malaga 3-1 to keep up the pressure on leaders barcelona .
oscar had to be replaced at half-time after a collision with david ospina .
struggling qpr and burnley could be left to rue their huge penalty misses .
follows other images of chinese construction in disputed south china sea .
no weapons were found in the car and it is not known what shepherd was reaching for .
the couple had two  sons brandon and brody before they divorced in 1986 .
authorities said she had admitted to shooting the children for being 'mouthy' and her journals detailed how she was going to kill them .
jordan's mother, kim, says the sentence is an insult to her son's memory .
uk ranks at a lowly 21, although brits are happier now than back in 2012 .
tory tacticians have now told campaigners to focus on economic success .
the dog's owner put down the pitbull and escaped any convictions .
experts hail 'extraordinary achievement' for british firm that developed it .
but police want to find the person responsible and have appealed for help .
relatives of clay say the two men accused him of stealing a playstation 3 .
the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life .
police say the decision was made after experts agreed tranquilizers would not be effective .
mr miliband has ruled at a formal coalition with the scottish nationalists .
moment he ate his first burger at a carl jr's restaurant after being wrongfully imprisoned is captured as well as his first steps of freedom .
'now is the time to commence your operations, even if it means you have to stab a few police officers, soldiers on anzac day and so be it.'
a page has now been created to raise money for her children's educations .
saban argued it was grimes who attacked her and left her bleeding .
most rsls and pubs across australia will feature games of two up .
however, it is believed apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders .
langley created the hashtag #rhiannongetsrhino that fans can follow .
schumacher snr, seven-time formula champion, won a record 91 races .
chinese children now being sent to schools with translucent walls .
its compounds give it antibacterial and anti-inflammatory benefits .
though she is still grieving over the loss of the child she named gwendolyn renee, she 'doesn't regret' her decision .
but four jobs in the top ten list were in government departments .
now the 43-year-old says she is 'desperate to be normal again' extreme beauty disasters is on tlc, thursdays at 8pm .
they chased one victim round a tree and onto a main road to beat him .
father mark aziz insists family were being compliant and asking for help .
other people saw bishop tailing the robber and followed, helping police arrest the man - who was a wanted felon for forgery .
though they were posted anonymously, officials are investigating possible student code violations and disciplinary action may follow .
police launch hunt for the mystery rider who did not stop at scene .
now a hilarious video shows how you can get the look a safer way .
six officers are suspended without pay during an investigation .
at one time, 200 scientists were working to help preserve lenin's body .
others show life on europa and near saturn - and a destroyed earth .
three quarters of high school students aged 16 or older are on the road .
police say the micra isn't lost and is somewhere 'in the north of england'
experts believe it may have been one of a line of forts along scottish coast .
jeni's wrote in statement that it was taking precautionary measure in order to ensure complete consumer safety .
he was headmaster for nine years and earned around $370,000 a year .
'when i'm at home, i'm sick, i don't feel well; no one else does that.
mrs jeffs says she spent years in exile before being banished last year .
bruce and kris married in april 1991 and had two daughters before their divorce last december .
gregory fined £795 after admitting to dishonestly obtaining a blue badge .
he plunged down into the freezing flood water to cut them free from the barbed wire .
judge overruled the appeals, ordered for 4 minnesota men to stay in jail .
a man dressed in female clothing produced a fake machine gun .
sofia has also vowed to be more healthy and look after her body .
experts predict rise of up to 25 per cent of people calling in sick on monday .
a cherry picker, four pressurised hoses, and a thick cable were used .
other drivers have reported windows shattering after potential gunshots .
miriam, 11, and ayesha, nine, have pleaded for the bombing to stop and for their family to be evacuated to the uk .
last year, miss bekele won injunction banning it being shown in ethiopia .
they claim children are going all day without a drink because they don't like water .
lost 68kgs after having gastric sleeve surgery in may 2012 .
landmark developments ltd is appealing against 'unreasonable' decision .
they asked for the release of prominent afghan prisoners in return .
seesaw is made from raw material and sends occupiers to height of  25ft .
marshall, who previously abused a 14-year-old girl, admitted murder .
he is accused of using computer programs to create 'spoof' transactions .
the wire was sent to a pathology lab and parker is taking antibiotics .
8 on forbes list of top-earning models .
however, it is believed apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders .
jeremy clarkson was seen plotting their next move in a pub last night .
crossland avoided a custodial sentence after the money was repaid in full .
butlers have received requests for everything from camel rides to a skydiver dressed as santa claus .
majority of supermarket prawns from indian, thai and indonesian farms .
umpired ejected a total of five players after the scrap at chicago's stadium .
the faa said initial information indicated the embraer e170 jet may have had a pressurization problem .
uddin admitted breaking computer misuse act and was jailed for 4 months .
he will now be able to celebrate first wedding anniversary with wife in may .
it also looks at tweets from people you're closely tied to or in your area .
and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing .
hoey continued supplying cocaine to friends at wild parties after her death .
they said she needs treatment for numerous mentall illnesses .
another baltimore man, dondi johnson, was killed by such a ride in 2005 .
supervisors allegedly intimated colleagues to benefit bates .
images appearing to show her ordeal have sparked outrage across brazil .
he was has now been jailed for eight months over domestic violence .
veterinarians removed 40lbs off shelby, who has since recovered .
posted photos on facebook carrying guns and posing with known isis militants .
mrs silva was found dead in a garden in edmonton in september 2014 .
lowrance was booked into county jail on $5,000 bond and has been released from the dallas county jail, according to county records .
area was deemed safe at 4:30pm, but island remained closed .
those escaping injury are deemed worthy to take part in the next stage of the ceremony - walking on hot coals .
exeter council leader says there are no areas suitable to be old kent road .
nicole kidman's great-grandfather, edward glenny, worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during wwi .
a healthy weight for sprinkles is around 10 pounds .
the water diviner, russell crowe's directorial debut, is set in its aftermath .
patrick said they are 'delighted' to be able to go home with the family now .
it was one of 26 underground factories used to produce military parts .
mr bowes, said: 'i was devastated.
the incident occurred just after 11am on monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 martin luther king way south .
open verdict on efan's death but pathologist said it was likely a cot death .
but trust said ‘cash grants and in-kind goods' were double the donation .
he was jailed for two years and two months at exeter crown court today .
her mother, anna moser, believes giles will make a full recovery and will be able to raise her son on her own .
miss bennett is hoping someone will take pity and buy her laser removal .
after mr gordon's dark past was revealed he resigned from the labor party .
this may be due to martian weather or that they are the same colour as the surrounding surface .
artist fought back stating she bought the luxurious piece in name of art .
trio appeared on today's this morning to explain why relationship works .
sentenced to 12 months at southend crown court for leading role in scam .
estate agents say couple will now struggle to sell home for more than £1 .
also claimed critics don't understand preacher's work or need for a plane .
the driver had apparently received her p's on the same day of the accident .
armed guards from conservative oath keepers network among protesters .
and prince william bought £800 of jumpers and jeans from peter jones .
cowan was found guilty and sentenced to life in prison in march last year .
and google told mailonline: we've terminated the android figure involved in this incident, and he'll be disappearing from google maps shortly.'
launched by twitter, periscope used to stream hbo's game of thrones .
the word can't be used without permission for commercial purposes .
her body tried to heal the wound by producing scar tissue .
heart-shaped box was supposedly written in its bathtub .
loretta lynch, a brooklyn-n.y. federal prosecutor, is holder's replacement .
nasa expert says the 'bunker' is simply effect of shadows in the image .
azam says he will set himself on fire if he doesn't get justice for his sister .
at the same time, the bossier parish sheriff's department created a facebook page for their 'jane doe' body .
italian prime minister matteo renzi called measures 'a giant step forward'
truong's sister was arrested for kidnapping tran and his mother, with the help of the toddler's grandmother, 65-year-old vien nguyen .
they gave permission for the alaskan malamute to be destroyed .
the son, austin essig, took to the police department's facebook page to describe his 'trip'
he gave address of empty house and police are investigating the blackmail .
dna sequencing also raises prospect of bringing mammoths back to life .
teenager told police that he slept under the bleachers every night .
his total pay last year soared by more than five-fold from 2013 when his google compensation was valued at $19.3 million .
yesterday chaddah was given suspended sentence for assault and perjury .
forecaster also predict thousands of runners could be in for wet london marathon .
buckley now shares how she dealt with the abuse she faced being a pregnant presenter .
fcc staffers recommended the merger be sent to a judge for review - a significant regulatory hurdle .
teesside crown court jury took less than an hour to give not-guilty verdicts .
she claimed her son was robbed at knifepoint and slashed in the face .
got a free coffee for each outfit - but a free cookie as well in her red dress .
the three victims were murdered at random in broad daylight when they answered a knock at their front door .
woman suffered a concussion and cuts and bruises all over her body.
each criminal count against teacher carries 1 to 15 years in prison .
but an anti-corruption drive means the breed is now shunned .
police returned the cash to chen and thanked cassidy for his integrity by awarding him a police deparment coin .
it can sleep up to five people and has spectacular views over christchurch bay to the needles and the isle of wight .
police have offered £40,000 reward in a bid to bring their killer to justice .
co-workers had heard moaning then saw blood on restroom floor .
'it looks like a little whale,' said tulane university biologist michael doosey .
family is now facing a huge £100,000 hospital bill they are unable to pay .
comes after tomlinson appeared on exclusive daily mail online video in which zayn malik appeared to smoke drug .
her husband gavin walked hand-in-hand into church with olivia and son lloyd, 7, to their mother's favourite song .
admits she is jealous of her teen sister's long legs .
has said ‘masculine' culinary traditions like daily roast trolley to continue .
but devon and cornwall police federation chair called it a 'publicity stunt'
university of florida and emory university branches were there at the time .
british pest control association warns number of bugs at an all-time high .
but women taking oestrogen-only hrt may actually have a reduced risk .
storms could also happen in the south and along the gulf coast saturday .
former seal has been speaking publicly about bin laden role since 2014 .
a briefing went further claiming they were 'direct result' of pm's decisions .
when paramedics removed her from the chair and put her body on the ground, her legs stayed bent in a sitting position, police said .
she said she believed her mind tricked her into thinking she had illness .
described as 'one of the rarest cars of its time' as only 218 cars were made .
but the chain will add a 9% service charge - on top of postmates' $5 rate .
lodge manager said kristoff potgieter said they've tried to deter him .
she suffered at the hands of dr josef mengele at the nazi death camp .
also suffers from exercise-induced anaphylaxis, so has put on weight .
goldsmiths university students arranged meeting to 'diversify curriculum'
more than 10,000 people expected to attend centenary dawn service at the gallipoli peninsula in turkey .
the surfer-turned-chef paid homage to aussie roots with cheeky slang .
it is thought to be a strategy to make him look more like a prime minister .
airbus has developed renderings of their panoramic planes of the future .
nungesser, who is german, says the school presented the claims as fact .
and he also explores what the space planes that take humans to orbit in future might look like .
nine british medical students recently traveled from sudan to syria and are believed to have joined isis last month .
comes after consumers shy away from such drinks on health grounds .
he sentenced stacey rambold to just one month in prison in the case .
as world marks 100 years since the atrocities many western governments including the us still do not use the word .
mr x was jailed for nine months at ipswich crown court for perjury .
but owner carla gloger claimed pet was not vicious and plans to sue .
has now managed to overcome it - but sees psychiatrist 'to stay on track'
and the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators .
she was reported missing by worried family members on monday .
the 50-year-old had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers kimora lee simmons and diane von furstenberg .
also said that her decision is 'the right one' and will not change .
has faced hostility for not being a 'pure japanese' beauty pageant winner .
miss gascoigne took to twitter and branded her attackers 'low lifes'
alexander pacteau, 21, appeared in court and was remanded in custody .
others called the driving ace 'an embarrassment to the uk', while another said it showed he was an 'ignorant clown'
ordered to complete sexual offences treatment programme as part of three year community sentence .
cops eventually cornered the coyote and shot it with a tranquilizer dart .
fired 32 bullets at fiona bone and nicola hughes and threw a grenade .
has accompanied new jersey governor on putative campaign trail .
country's top prosecutor is now facing calls to quit from campaigners .
mrs clooney, a humans right lawyer, turned 37 at beginning of february .
loveday jenkin challenged mr forster over the value of his second home .
he defended the artwork saying 'nature belongs to no one'
mccoy was handed the champions jockey trophy for the 20th time .
the project is about the complexity of family dynamics as she expresses her feelings of isolation while trying to cope with her family remembering her as a little girl and refusing to accept the woman she has become .
thought he was most likely to remain in a government led by mr cameron .
now he is warning peers not to take part in craze sweeping social media .
name chanted at derby county's match at millwall and shrewsbury town players wore t-shirts with his name as they gained promotion yesterday .
said labour party under miliband wrongly saw business as 'the problem'
says it hopes people from all areas of climate change will help the panel .
the hospitalised woman's 46-year-old father told fans at a dallas concert last saturday that 'bobbi is awake.
but despite thousands of calls for her to be fired, she returned this week .
women told within days whether they have a high  risk of disease returning .
back in 2013, but seems to have forgotten some key tips .
sepsis six involves blood tests to check for infection and monitoring urine .
family have spent £11.6 billion buying empire and sovereign wealth fund snapped up canary wharf for £2.6 billion .
perino said bush 'needed to hear the anguish' and later said he didn't 'blame the woman one bit' for being mad at him .
versions vary between the original two-coined game and three-coined version .
facebook removed the pages after being alerted to there existance .
next week he will have 7st of excess skin removed free of charge by american doctor who saw his plight on tv .
woman's uncle said she has told him a young man had been pestering her to go out with him, forcing her to pretend having a boyfriend .
likely to be a hit with new royal's environmentally conscious grandfather .
it also said it is likely dogs have been neglected over an extended period of time due to their poor condition .
world health organisation said the number of caesareans needs to drop .
he was arrested in england and taken to northern ireland for questioning .
university of florida and emory university branches were there at the time .
sir richard held parties at the chapel and was a regular at village shop .
mr lincoln said he 'didn't feel any pain at all' when he chopped hand off .
families have launched a desperate search for information on social media .
sturgeon today attended an snp women's rally in glasgow city centre .
state officials ruled the shooting was justified after an investigation .
court ruled that mckee only won $1.85 based on how game's symbols aligned .
despite the abuse she told derby crown court she still loved her father .
she ended up in cafe basement but miraculously was not seriously injured .
gang said that its members were abused inside cuyun's jail .
agent's stolen backpack and gear bags were recovered at a nearby hotel, but the gun has not been found .
rowyn's mom, brynn johnson, forgave miller, knowing it was an accident .
bill's opponents say it would be unfair to allow people to join the military but prohibit them from smoking a cigarette because of their age .
'we can't be held accountable for one lone idiot,' organiser told mailonline .
has denied grevious bodily harm with intent and will stand trial in june .
teenage thug escaped empty handed after being chased out of store .
but he admits you might need to worry about who is in control of them .
michelle manhart, 38, was handcuffed at valdosta state university, georgia .
other alleged expenditure includes florida vacation which cost $17,491 .
judge ruled the number plate was deliberate reference despite bbc denial .
many starbucks locations closed their doors so as not to give away free drinks .
mr field said he did spray her but claimed the incident was just 'banter'
the video appears to be mimicking britain's national health service .
murrell is nicknamed penfold after danger mouse's loyal hamster sidekick .
she has told friends that if they kill andrew, 'what hope is there' for herself .
prince charles and prince harry also sat alongside the prime ministers at the gallipoli dawn service .
doctors mr whitington is no longer diabetic – and he is off medication .
his dispatches from the time of the uprising were done at balcony above it .
the girl was given fake id and a job but garcia prevented her from fleeing and assaulted her and later married her and fathered a daughter with her .
she died after being struck in the back of the head multiple times by an unknown object .
teotihuacan, or 'abode of the gods' in the aztec language of nahuatl, was distinct from the mayan civilization .
high-rollers include jk rowling worth £570m and billionaire lord sugar .
since then she's received a combination of hate and kindness from mothers, people in the sex industry and those  aspiring to be sex workers .
the 14-year-old was returned to her family in mexico on wednesday .
the accused balcony murder will be eligible for parole in august .
minister for communications malcolm turnbull called the comments 'inappropriate' and 'despicable' and called for their condemnation .
the attack happened shortly before 10am on saturday .
gosling's family said o'shaughnessy was controlling and was afraid gosling would leave him for her husband, who she was separated from .
fine of $135,000 may be increased or decreased by state labor head .
seven buildings, including five 200m long factories, have collapsed under half a metre of hail in western sydney .
a friend on the boat with him was rescued, but no sign of ingraham .
he helps him wash his clothes, get his meals, and get to classes .
filed for divorce from real housewives of orange county's katie hamilton .
it's claimed he is selling legal highs and investing in overseas properties .
he faces up to 40 years in prison, has been released until may court date .
man named locally as christopher may, 50, was arrested over the murder .
said in his defence: 'these things can happen when you are on the stump'
umpire ejected a total of five players after the scrap at chicago's stadium .
liam fox claimed the labour leader was 'weaponise drowning migrants'
he was bitten almost ten times and was 'screaming and begging' for help .
'what she doesn’t need now is the whole of australia ganging up on her and bullying her,' mccahon says .
parents paid tribute to her, and students rallied at memorial service .
the men, who are all police officers in their native sweden, wrestled the suspect to the floor and held him until nypd could arrive .
survived by rationing eight boxes of girl scout cookies, a bag of cheese puffs and melted snow .
the earthquake - nepal's worst in 81 years - has  killed at more than 1,300 .
a 2013 study revealed noise and privacy loss are the main source of workspace dissatisfaction .
however the jury returned a 'no finding' verdict at bulger's murder trial .
another owner, suzie nellist also found a roo when his mother died .
a spokesman for the club said the contractor was 'immediately terminated this morning'
this included jumping off moving swings or going head-first down slides .
video from last year showed blizerian hurling porn star from a roof .
sailor pronounced dead at hospital and other is listed in critical condition .
admitted string of sex offences at guidlford crown court yesterday .
also speaks of bruce's painful electrolysis and surgeries to feminize face .
sentenced to three years in jail in his absence and faces additional sentence for absconding .
prince charles and prince harry led the tributes in turkey, where they were joined by thousands of people and leaders from commonwealth nations .
hearing will see if enough criminal evidence to warrant a court-martial .
and only a fraction of the 22 players he's signed can be considered a 'hit'
grandfather says rustemi's failure to stop was 'like going through a red light', and both he and the children 'could have been run over'
lee slocombe who carried out work at harkin's home earlier jailed for fraud .
bournemouth boss eddie howe is picked as the manager of the side .
school has various tactics help reduce stress including lucky key rings .
perks 'no longer sustainable' after it starts in october, capital one has said .
half of the nation's fast food workers require some kind of government assistance, according to a recent study .
darren bent on target twice, including a penalty in the second half .
but he could have difficulty with planning permission if vip neighbours object to proposal for four-storey basement .
daryl murphy seals the win with a third goal in the 90th minute .
luke ayling scored a third before aden flint added another with a header .
pulis also praised saido berahino's impact at the club this season .
tribespeople have rarely been photographed or recorded on video, as it is too dangerous to visit the island .
nearly 3,000 women diagnosed with cervical cancer in britain annually .
when the two combine it can create amplified and dangerous storms .
but he added it had been 'a brilliant campaign' and protein world had no plans to change it any time soon .
that way he felt like he would avoid prosecution, and did in 1990 .
gofundme page has been set up to raise £20,000 to get her home .
he suggested fines be introduced to help improve australia post's service .
derbyshire police said they are trying to identify the officers involved .
the identities of those who are dead and missing have not yet been revealed .
murdered five children in 1960s and buried bodies on saddleworth moor .
nuclear submarines' move could cost £3billion and take 10 years .
medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten elderly .
bookmaker's 6/1 joint favourite for birth date is tomorrow and tuesday .
zeta beta tau chapter suspended and three members expelled .
started breastfeeding the nine-month-old in chair when he created a fuss .
freeh was the director of the fbi from 1993 until 2003 .
who: at least one in 100 babies, 7,500 every year, could suffer problems .
azria and his wife lubov bought the house for $14.4m in 2005 before giving it a $30m renovation .
ladies and bridal companies started to donate dresses to the women .
current uk life expectancy is 78.8 years for boys and 82.8 years for girls .
grooming began when sharon needed guinea pig for beauty training .
co-anchor cari champion said she has 'an issue with how he treats women period outside the ring' smith said she holds that position because she's a woman and that as a boxing fan, he looks at 'two dudes strictly in the boxing ring'
but also suffered embarrassment with loo stop in 2005 event .
hurd's boyfriend also flew out from alabama with a tux and corsage .
parliamentary candidate for maldon, essex, said: 'we're in a relationship and we're not ashamed of that'
the accc announced safety recalls in australia are steadily on the rise .
painting of saint was acquired by owner's father in the 1970s for very little .
professor hawking tackled the conundrum and had a perfect explanation .
guinea is a hub of wildlife trafficking, but prosecution rates are low .
helpline set up to offer advice for anyone caught up in the disaster .
the driver crashed the vehicle and was ejected as the truck rolled over .
the conservative leader said he had suffered a 'brain fade' mr cameron insisted that he had supported aston villa his 'whole life'
it means ms hornby and her partner face being stranded for three months .
the attack by a great white shark happened just before 10am on saturday .
they think it's causing sharks to associate humans and boats with food .
the party's deputy chairman wrote ukip's general election manifesto .
if the jury finds holmes was mentally ill at the time of the shooting, he will avoid jail and be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital .
seven buildings, including five 200m long factories, collapsed under half a metre of hail in western sydney .
in addition to los angles, some other us cities have increased security .
documentary examines if gender-specific traits are due to biology (occuring from birth) or develop as a result of environment .
airport was briefly closed down yesterday due to aftershock from quake .
hundreds are still missing after avalanches buried everest basecamp .
costume found about ten miles away at an industrial site near flat rock .
lifetouch school photography has since apologized and will re-take abby's picture for free .
nickerson fought through 33 radiation treatments and two clinical trials which consisted of chemotherapy during his battle with dipg .
while he looks like george, tommy's mother admits her son’s behaviour sometimes falls rather short of regal .
more than 2,500 people are believed to have died in the devastating earthquake in nepal and neighbouring countries .
only one of two freestanding properties in nsw goverment's social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in area .
coast guard capt.
the two have already had a tearful reunion after carrascosa's release via skype .
report claims milat shot and paralysed neville knight in march, 1962 .
the works belonged to property investor, peter o'mara .
'someone needs to be held accountable,' the boys' mother said .
brenda burns has fled michigan to colorado to escape what she believes is unconstitutional oversight by the department of human services .
she claims she was violently slammed to the ground, where she was then left bloodied and unconscious, with several broken facial bones .
mcintyre also called the gallipoli landings 'an imperialist invasion' his comments sparked fury, with hundreds calling for him to be sacked .
dwight howard of houston rockets issued a response video later in day .
boy suffered cut to his face and scrapes to his knees and elbows .
he made claims in documentary aired today on state-owned russian tv .
he hopes to help barton find his biological mother, sabrina diaz .
the zhangye danxia landform in china are hills that take on all the colours of the rainbow .
but bottles of loved ones perfume will set customers back £400 a bottle .
airport insist they have offered to post the item back to boy's home in doncaster, south yorkshire .
the poll shows snp are more interested in independence that the economy .
initially claimed death was a suicide but her  story changed several times .
clarkson had parked his car to inspect a black ferrari pininfarina 275 .
reports of looting as protester threw flaming trash can at police in riot gear .
one customer saw trousedale at work and hugged him in the aldi store .
the man, who was thought to be in his 20s, was then air lifted to hospital .
she died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene .
amira, shamima begum and kadiza sultana aimed to be 'jihadi brides' before departing, amira tweeted a picture of the three in a london park .
man named locally as christopher may, 50, charged over the murder .
but mr caudwell insists the young spirit is friendly and means no harm .
alleged he sexually abused young boys in care homes in leicestershire .
took in $140million in  2013 and spent on $84.6 million on payroll and operations and just $9million on direct aid .
three americans who were on the mountain at the time were killed .
colleagues at sussex police have rallied together to raise more than £8,030 .
an urgent home office review has been called for in light of the findings .
tottenham winger, on loan to everton, interviewed on suspicion of assault .
britain has one of europe's lowest cancer survival rates, partly blamed on missed symptoms .
a classmate, christopher plaskon, has been charged with sanchez's murder .
art theft is third highest-grossing criminal trade, behind guns and drugs .
mr lewis believes teenager was born out of affair months after his wedding .
he died a week later, on april 19 .
journalist james foley's mother said obama administration told her it was illegal to raise a ransom to free her son .
other sharp hikes include virgin's service between stafford and liverpool .
was charged with grand larceny and criminal possession of stolen property .
has just penned a sixth novel, a good catch .
it emerged kayla was a catfish when one of her victims became suspicious and looked further into who she was talking with .
nbc's ceo reportedly told in recent briefing that 11 instances emerged .
tv sports presenter gabby logan has paid back all the money she owed .
al-sibai recently caused outrage for making sexist remarks to lebanese tv host live on air .
current owner bought paintings for small amount at estate sale in 1980s .
the fossil - first found in montana in 1992 - is available for $1.8 million .
she managed to lose 8st and drop 6 dress sizes by changing her lifestyle .
students face thousands in student loan debts with no answers as to whether they will receive refunds .
marriage certificate had spelling errors and wrong date and names .
researchers used ct scanning and dna analysis to identify origin of teeth .
says rj faces cruel taunts from bullies - most of whom are ignorant adults .
his case is estimated to have cost british taxpayers a six-figure sum .
the china as paid for from a private fund that is administered by the white house historical association .
after driving him to estes park, the woman said she'd been locked into her trunk by the man, police said .
4,352 people are believed to have died, including at least four americans, and more than 6,000 suffered injuries .
the terror group grooms children to take part in jihad from a young age .
says her son is now out of coma and thanked the girls who found him .
also voiced his concerns about the hacking threat from a terrorist organization such as isis .
told how her daughter was enthralled by tamerlan and became muslim .
bianca rinehart gave evidence in the dispute into the family's finances .
jackson left the show in 1999 - he admitted to suffering from a severe drug addiction .
new boeing planes ordered by irish carrier will have more capacity .
it has been confirmed that they will be executed at midnight on wednesday .
quiet wealthy community reeling, said both men 'got on with everybody' two teenagers, aged 17 and 18, charged with the killing .
but nazarbayev says it would have been 'undemocratic' to intervene to make his victory smaller .
family accusing police of a 'cover-up' after case file was closed until 2040 .
unlike her character, who died of putrid throat, matilda is now doing well .
defence expected to suggest tsarnaev was led astray by his older brother .
roy stevenson said she can come back if 'she tells him she's sorry'
the pm today said it was because he had been past west ham's ground .
royal wolverhampton nhs trust has admitted liability and apologised .
students praised the popular teacher for his quick-thinking and said they were not surprised that he had come to their rescue .
gen y are the most stealthy credit card culprits over other age groups .
passengers applauded when he was removed by an armed officer .
kim kardashian - who is armenian on her father's side - has called the killings a genocide and says obama should too .
council says mrs briggs wrongly assumed child was in a 'feeder school' as a result, despite being in catchment area, charlotte was refused place .
a change to a labour government the letter warns 'would be far too risky'
hibiscus coastguards posted their delight at everyone wearing life jackets .
almost every space along the river's banks is being used for rites, despite hundreds more bodies still being found .
officer says superiors forced him to drop inquiries into alleged sex abuse .
in kathmandu and pokhara buildings were reduced to matchsticks .
scorsese sent a video message and recalled how the movie upset the owner of his then favorite nyc italian restaurant .
but some experts have called his $30 billion idea 'highly illogical'
app has also added three new filters called lark, reyes and juno .
fans were divided as some supported the band while others did not .
coastguards couldn't find her after extensive search, but molly was found days later by a dog walker a mile away .
money also left to alzheimer scotland, children's hospital and churches .
bezos' wealth is estimated at nearly $35 billion, musk's at $12 billion .
they also found a small quantity of cannabis and four unrestrained kids .
while she was there, she struck up another rendition of the song .
the infant was found about 20-30 metres from the water's edge .
but scotland gets £1,200 more per head spent on health than england .
she failed to appear at nmc hearing and was suspended for six months .
police said the public helped lead to calvin's arrest, after one person called in after spotting the mercedes while listening to a police scanner .
guests included lea michele and her boyfriend matthew paetz .
taught how to store food and dressed as zombies for special contest .
there are now more than 200 broga yoga instructors in the u.s. crunch, david barton gyms and equinox are among the facilities offering yoga towards for men .
mrs kor faced criticism from her co-plaintiffs in the case for her views .
party could deprive labour of outright win and hold balance of power .
lawson was given a six-month prison sentence suspended for a year .
day before the stabbing, deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of schultz .
katie hopkins backs advert, saying 'feminism isn't an excuse for being fat'
the 43-year-old queen was resplendent in a cheerful raspberry get-up .
her second, entertaining-themed, book is set to come out in 2016 .
three weeks ago they welcomed their son krish .
the baffled couple still haven't tracked down the would-be benefactor .
at about 6.30pm friday, hawkins was shot nine times by cops; later died .
experts warn storms will grow more common as global temperatures rise .
the massive earthquake is believed to have killed at least 4,352 people across the region .
during labour’s 13 years in power, foreign-born population rose by 3.6m .
senator john mccain on sunday said drone strikes against militants on foreign soil should be run by the us military and not the cia .
returned to scene of ceremony for party later on .
the family live in queensland where maria sevilla is a nurse at townsville hospital .
those who rated highly for looks often scored well for sound .
the prime minister apologised and said his actions were 'all in the context of a bit of banter' social media users have posted other photos of mr key touching girls' hair .
but state ruled teen was not legally mature enough to make the decision .
trainer says lucy shows women you can enjoy life, train and reap  rewards .
up to 33 babies could be flown from nepal in total following earthquake .
she posted on facebook saying 'sorry for causing s*** for everyone'
the olympian said he and kris would probably still be together if she had been more accepting of the situation .
a sobbing dawn revealed that the baby was the seventh she has lost .
the olympic champion and chrystie have two children together and are grandparents .
the former student alleged the abuse began when he was 11 years old and lasted from 2002 to 2005 .
locals use the same techniques to make the rope as their inca ancestors .
bearded man was wearing purple shorts and is aged between 30 and 40 .
but visits come shortly after another round of international travel .
people pulled faces, stuck their tongues out and posed under #anzacday .
writing down how a you feel after food stops you eating mindlessly .
rose is now attending lakeview middle school, a public school in the area .
luckily for turner fans, his new film the secret scripture is out this year .
he has spent a year trying to settle his $360,000 mortgage .
it could also prove a vital way of getting information during emergencies .
he and myuran sukumaran are set to be executed on wednesday morning .
the engineer had been mapping out the area for google maps since 2013 .
feeling woozy, she stopped at the hotel and went straight to the polo lounge .
try modified push-ups which activate the entire upper body .
dinosaur has been liked to a platypus because of its mixture of traits .
engineers hope to make 40mph (60km/h) vehicle completely autonomous .
it's understood the pair were both heavily intoxicated at the time .
come after calls for boys to be taught separately in state schools .
speech made to wealthy jewish donors at venetian hotel in las vegas .
on friday the county code enforcement board found that lownds had violated their rules and threatened to fine him .
entertainment tonight wins outstanding entertainment news program .
police found mr lord's body in river trent near couple's favourite beauty spot .
threatened to post video online unless victim paid cash which rose to £55 .
new releases on blinkbox are £8.99 to buy a digital copy the user can keep .
germany has also said that the russian bikers would not be welcome .
mrs senior started taking in dogs in 1981 and currently has 19 animals .
remembering 'rape and theft' committed by 'brave' anzacs, he tweeted .
the video is the second of it's kind which asks foreigners to repeat phrase .
early met office forecast for bank holiday weekend suggests north east will see best weather into saturday .
info leaked to press this weekend thought to be effort to pressure him out .
the parole board are reviewing his case and he could be freed in months .
warning graphic content .
duchess of cambridge is several days overdue for birth of second baby .
was arrested last week and accused of molesting boy under the age of 12 .
john burns says he doesn't recall the comments being made .
a seven spokesperson said the comment was sam 'taking a dig at herself'
sabine smouha from hampstead has now won two-year battle for its return .
excavation of 3,000 skeletons at new liverpool street site is now complete .
'i have no doubt in my mind that he did it on purpose,' love said .
naunihal jailed for at least 17 years in manchester after admitting murder .
there are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs in the country .
the wreckage was discovered in 1980 and restored to its original condition.
authorities say pedemonte was on probation at the time of the accident with a june 2014 charge of of possession with intent to distribute .
bizarrely, it was the louisiana fire station's second duck rescue this week .
chipotle co-ceo steve ells has said 'they say these ingredients are safe, but i think we all know we'd rather have food that doesn't contain them'
amanda holden's said sister survived because she had altitude sickness .
argues it would save the nhs money with alopecia patients who are reliant on expensive  therapy or antidepressants .
obergefell v. hodges will be heard by nation's top court from this week .
marcus later died of cardiac arrest, family said .
elle has unveiled a new health product: the super elixir nourishing protein .
as his final request, chan has asked for a final church service with his family .
she described that experience as an 'apprenticeship' for current business .
mr curry often wears sportswear because he runs 20 miles a day .
in the background, a friend is heard yelling 'he's a photographer!
mr heenan died when paramilitaries threw grenade at bus carrying him .
police investigated ms smart's complaint but took no further action .
but preservationists have argued that the 1800s building should be preserved and turned into museum and housing .
he headed notorious internal security forces during 1982 hama massacre .
may said trio planned to continue making show before leaving 'with dignity'
she has been dating brkljac for several years but was only spotted with him once in 2012 .
four americans among 18 people dead after huge avalanche on everest .
labour mp simon danczuk said the home office ought to 'come clean'
saunders was arrested on charges including reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide .
sydney harbour saw a 15,000 flower monument reading '#keephopealive' indonesian consulates in sydney and melbourne also saw people gather .
users created multiple memes of him in many various hilarious scenarios .
the university administration has said that the failing grades will not hold .
inquest into childrens' deaths is being held today in wakefield .
skywriter rob vance said the man didn't appear to be frantically lovelorn .
after seeing the photos, ritter said she shouted, 'if i had a gun i'd kill him!'
models are learning to self-promote as part of their job .
researchers now want to study how the brain responds to taste .
mandelson's firm says the snp will emerge as the winners of the election .
he ties her to him with a sash to make sure she does not fall off .
the force of the oncoming snow caused him to slam into a rock .
routh was convicted of murder and sentenced to life without parole in february .
he jumped out of his car and ran to a shed before being forced to ground .
jebson 'didn't want people to have the satisfaction of knowing he's dead' family of his victims wept today and one said: 'he deserves to rot in hell'
silicani told the judge he regarded his actions as 'a big error in judgment — i'd take it back if i could'
fears foreign car hire firms will not be able to check motorists' details .
family and friends helped dong get into her dream wedding dress .
gop presidential candidates are lining up to oppose any deal with a government the u.s. considers the leading state sponsor of terrorism .
mark is now serving a four year eight month prison sentence .
her father said she first told her parents she was suicidal in october 2013 .
had £560 gianvito rossi perspex-panelled metallic patent-leather pumps .
medical board can deregister doctors convicted of crimes or misconduct .
victims described couple as 'heartless and cruel' for having grave tributes .
support charity says 'victim's deserve justice' in reaction to lenient sentence .
he used to share them with his sister but she found them too mischievous .
he said: 'your story has already impacted mine for the better' fredinburg was one of four americans killed when the earthquake hit nepal .
poet cecil frances alexander wrote all things bright and beautiful while staying at the house in 1848 .
family friend said the mother locked her kids after one of them stole money .
network rail said staff were working 'flat out' to fix the situation .
lawyers argue her sentence was 'excessive' for the harm caused .
and it can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional usb cord .
a cross will be placed over their heart as a target for the riflemen .
hardy was forced to abandon his car and it was towed away hours later .
both 44-year-old antonia and angus, 46, remarried following their divorce .
